AFTERWORD
Hello, I’m Okina Baba.
As of today, I’ve just about run out of clever ideas to start off my
afterwords. What a pickle.
But don’t worry: I haven’t run out of ideas for my stories!
In fact, I’ve been writing so much that I’ve no idea how to fit it all in one
book.
What a pickle.
Hmm? I’m in quite a few pickles?
Well, I can’t let that get to me. Nope, nope.
But the flow of the story has changed considerably from the web version,
and now I have to collect it all into volumes, so things do actually seem kind
of difficult right now.
In the process, Mr. Gotou, who was just a named background character in
the web version, has inexplicably stolen quite a bit of the spotlight.
Seriously, he wasn’t supposed to be important at all, but here he is turning
into a proper character.
And he might just have more appearances in the future, so he’s really
come a long way.
Almost as much as Tiva, who didn’t appear whatsoever back in the web
version.
But I think the character who’s come the furthest is still Fei, who won a
regular spot in the S story.
Anyway, in a volume where so many characters are getting different
treatment from their roles in the web version, it’s not just the humans who
have changed.
For some reason, Miss Ice Dragon wound up being a fully fleshed-out
character.
How did that happen? She didn’t even have a single line in the web
Page 225
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
version.
Strange things happen every day, I suppose.
Come to think of it, there have been tons of dragons and wyrms in every
single volume of this series.
I guess you could say they’re the ones who have benefited the most.
Let’s aim for dragons in every volume!
Finally, I’d like to say some thanks.
To Tsukasa Kiryu, who draws everything fantastically, be it human,
monster, or mech, thank you so much.
And thank you to Kakashi for drawing such heated battles in the manga
adaptation.
Volume 4 of the manga features some literally white-hot battles in the
fiery Middle Stratum, so be sure to check it out.
To my current editor, W, and everyone else who helped make this book a
reality.
And to everyone who picked up this book.
Thank you very much.
Page 226
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com