 A CERTAIN ADVENTURER’S OGRE
HUNT
“Thank you all for gathering here today!”
The guild master’s rough voice echoes through the first floor of the guild
hall.
The entire lobby is packed with adventurers who have gathered from
nearby towns.
They’re all here to participate in the ogre hunt.
After the young adventurer Rukusso barely managed to escape with his
life, he spread the word about the dangerous ogre.
Our guild master took action immediately, requesting aid from nearby
guilds and sending out the call for adventurers.
The bait: the magic swords said to be wielded by the ogre.
Even adventurers have a hard time coming across magic swords.
It’s been announced that whoever defeats the ogre will be given the
swords as a reward.
Naturally, adventurers from all over have come to join the hunt.
Of course, I’m also joining in for a chance at the magic swords, too, so I
can’t really judge the others for it.
“Yo, Gotou. Yer lookin’ more serious than usual. Guess you’re all fired
up to get revenge for your fallen comrades, eh?”
My fellow A-rank adventurer Regg throws an overly familiar arm around
my shoulder.
We’re two of the highest-ranking adventurers in town.
“What makes you think that, huh? I’m just here for the magic swords,
same as you. I ain’t the kinda guy who cares about revenge.”
“Whatever you say.”
Page 39
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
I shake his arm off roughly, but Regg doesn’t seem to believe me in the
slightest.
“Listen up, you lot! We’ve got a special request!”
Just as I’m about to snap back at Regg, the guild master’s voice bellows
over us.
“As you know, we’re after a unique ogre! Its stats are believed to be
higher than an ordinary ogre’s, and it possesses equally unique unknown
skills!”
Though normally rowdy, the adventurers listen to the guild master in rapt
silence.
I don’t want to be the one to interrupt, so I shut my mouth as well.
“Now, there are three things you should know about this ogre!”
This information had to have come from the survivor of the advance team
of adventurers.
“First, it has abnormal regenerative ability! It heals itself in a way that
cannot be explained by any known skills! We’re told its body will suddenly
emit light, and then its wounds will be gone without a trace! There are even
reports that it might be able to recover its MP and SP this way as well! One
team of adventurers was able to corner the ogre, only to be wiped out after
this monster’s fearsome recovery ability overwhelmed them!”
A murmur runs through the crowd of adventurers.
Among them, I see a young man biting his lip.
Rukusso, a promising young adventurer.
He was the sole survivor of the advance team.
And now, after treating his wounds, he’s joining the quest in order to
avenge his fallen friends.
The rest of his team were friends of mine, too.
“Second! Its combat capabilities can suddenly increase tremendously! The
effects are similar to Mental Warfare, but it’s clearly something more! The
boost doesn’t last long, but its stats will be higher as long as it’s active!
There’s no change to its physical appearance, so you’ll have to trust your
gut!”
This doesn’t seem like much of a counterstrategy, but that’s how
adventurers do things.
We constantly adapt and play things by ear.
That’s the fundamental rule, or maybe the hidden secret, of being an
Page 40
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
adventurer.
“Third! The ogre has magic swords! Two, no less!”
At that, the crowd of adventurers chatters excitedly, and everyone’s eyes
seem to light up.
It’s no surprise, since most of the people here are after those swords.
“Quiet down! We’ve confirmed that the magic swords have fire and
lightning properties! As promised, the two adventurers who contribute most
to defeating the ogre will receive these swords!”
A cheer rises throughout the lobby.
Most adventurers can only dream of owning a magic sword one day.
“All right! Now, get out there, you lot!”
As soon as the guild master gives the order, the adventurers all head out to
find and eliminate the ogre.
It’s a huge crowd, and all of them are adventurers experienced enough to
be trying for a magic sword of their own.
No matter how strong this ogre might be, I doubt it can simply fight its
way out when up against a mob like this.
“All right, Gotou! Let’s see which of us comes out with a magic sword!”
“Yeah, right. It’ll obviously be me.”
Bantering lightly, Regg and I head out to search for the ogre, too.
The magic sword is the main goal.
But I guess I can avenge the brave folks the ogre killed while I’m at it.
“This isn’t happening.”
How did we arrive at this current situation after that triumphant charge?
Adventurers flee in every direction.
An explosion coming from below blows the lower halves of several
unfamiliar adventurers right off.
Some who managed to escape that fate were instead pierced by a flying
sword or caught up in the resulting explosion.
Exploding swords? What in the world is happening?
The same scene unfolds all over the battlefield.
“No one said anything about this!”
Does the monster have more than two magic swords?!
I’ve never heard of an exploding magic sword.
Page 41
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
And who would ever expect that it would have so many?
The ogre that’s creating this hellscape has taken up camp among the trees,
pulling out magic swords that are thrust into the ground around it and
throwing them one after another.
With each sword throw, an explosive boom echoes, and the number of
adventurers decreases.
A massacre.
This is a massacre.
“Aaaaah!”
Hearing a desperate battle cry, I turn to see Rukusso holding his bow at
the ready.
“You damn fool!”
I curse at him without thinking.
It’s obvious at a glance that Rukusso could never defeat this ogre.
I doubt his arrows will even leave a scratch on that beast.
Besides, how daft do you have to be to yell out before you attack
someone?!
Rukusso looses an arrow.
But just as I expected, the ogre dodges the shot easily.
Then it pulls a sword from the ground and flings it toward Rukusso in
clear retaliation.
“Tch!”
Clicking my tongue, I fling myself between Rukusso and the oncoming
magic sword, swinging my own sword up to block it.
“Gah?!”
As soon as my blade deflects the magic sword, it explodes.
Damn, that hurts!
The shock wave sends me flying backward.
Dammit!
So they explode even if you parry them?!
My arms…seem to be intact.
I’m covered in blood, but I survived somehow.
“Urgh…”
But while I’m fine, Rukusso was still close enough to get caught up in the
aftermath of the explosion.
His stats are lower than mine, so even though I’m the one who took a
Page 42
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
direct hit, he seems to worse off.
“You all right?!”
Of course he’s not all right , I snap at myself as soon as the words leave
my mouth.
Anyone can see that the boy lying on the ground is anything but all right.
He needs treatment right away, or he’ll die.
“Damn you!”
But as if to prevent that, the ogre raises another sword aloft.
If one more of those exploding swords hits us, even if I survive somehow,
Rukusso is as good as dead!
“Aaaaargh!”
But the thrown sword gets blocked before it reaches us.
“Regg!”
“Gotou! Take Rukusso and get out of here!”
Regg deflected the exploding sword just like I did and is now covered in
wounds.
“I’ll buy you some time! Go!”
“Regg! Regg, wait!”
Heedless of my cry, Regg charges toward the ogre.
Another sword flies toward him, and Regg disappears in the explosion of
flames.
“Reeeeegg!”
Even as I shout, I gather up Rukusso and start to retreat.
As I glance back one last time, I see the ogre’s sword slicing off Regg’s
head.
“Dammit! Dammit all to hell!”
That day we tasted utter defeat.
Page 43
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 44
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com