 THE OGRE’S MAGIC SWORDS
What have I done? What am I trying to do?
If you asked me to summarize my old life in a word or two, I wouldn’t know
how to answer.
It’s probably the same for a lot of people, right?
By most standards, I was still pretty young when my life ended, but I still
don’t think it was short enough to be summed up with a single word.
But if you asked me whether it was a good life, I don’t think I’d be able to
nod.
“Kyouya, you’re a pretty stubborn guy, aren’t you? Keep that up and
you’ll miss out on some of the best parts of life.”
The person who told me that was Shun, one of my high school friends.
One of the only friends I’d made since starting high school, he’d
occasionally whip out sharp observations like this that cut right to the heart of
the matter.
Our other friend, Kanata, was generally better at reading the room, but
Shun had the ability to see right through your expression and catch of
glimpse of the deepest parts of your heart without breaking a sweat.
I tried my best to act the part of a quiet, normal kid in high school, but I
guess he saw through that…
Up until high school, I led a pretty rough-and-tumble life.
It all started when I was in kindergarten.
A bunch of older kids were trying to hog all the playground equipment, so
I tried to chase them off on my own.
We’d been playing on the equipment first until these older kids suddenly
Page 45
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
showed up.
I put up such a fight that I made one of the older boys cry.
In the end, a teacher stepped in before the fight escalated any further.
But then she got mad at me, as if I was the one to blame.
Why did I get in trouble for doing the right thing?
At the time, I didn’t understand at all.
Looking back, though, I get it: Because I picked a fight, the other kids
who were playing with me got caught up in it and got hurt.
Some of the kids my own age ended up crying, too.
The ones to blame for starting everything were definitely the older kids
who had shown up and tried to take all the playground equipment for
themselves. I have no doubt about that.
But was it right for me to pick a fight with those kids?
I’m still not sure.
But I think that was the moment when I first learned that my sense of right
and wrong didn’t necessarily match everyone else’s, although I only vaguely
understood that at the time.
After that, I still stuck to my own beliefs about what was right.
Even if that meant using my fists, which it often did.
In elementary school, I stopped bullies.
In middle school, I beat up boys who tried to shake down younger
students for money.
I could go on and on listing these examples.
The more I acted on what I felt was right, the more others distanced
themselves.
I found myself with fewer and fewer allies and more and more enemies.
By the time I graduated middle school, people in the neighborhood had
given me the nickname “little ogre.”
I think it was because I was so short at the time.
All I was doing was what I thought was right, but nobody else seemed to
see it that way.
In fact, they all seemed to think I was in the wrong.
So when I started high school, I picked a place that was a little farther
away from my neighborhood and decided to be on my best behavior.
Just like that, my days became almost laughably peaceful.
As long as I turned a blind eye and pretended not to notice certain things,
Page 46
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
it was easy to live as a normal high schooler.
But once in a while, I found myself wondering: Am I really all right with
this?
I played video games with my friends, stressed out about tests, thought
about what to do after graduation.
As I lived out this normal high school life, a certain gloominess settled in
the back of my mind.
Just like Shun said, I was being inflexible, missing out on life.
What does it really mean to be “right”?
Which course of action should I take if I want to do the “right” thing?
Looking back now, I can see all too clearly that worrying about such
things was a luxury.
Once I’ve defeated all the adventurers, I let out a sigh of relief.
At the same time, the strength leaves my body.
I must have built up a considerable amount of fatigue without even
realizing it myself.
Unlike the fights in my old life, these life-and-death struggles are
incredibly stressful, as you might expect.
No wonder I find myself slumping to my knees as soon as the battle is
over.
Still sitting on the ground, I heave a long sigh.
A burned smell surrounds me: not of wood but of flesh.
As well as the metallic stench of blood.
Looking around, I see the corpses of adventurers strewn everywhere.
Holes in the ground, created by the explosions, tell of the ferocity of the
battle that just occurred.
I used up all the magic swords I had on hand.
Now I’ll have to make more.
Weapon Creation. That’s my unique skill.
This skill, which I’ve apparently had from birth, allows me to conjure up
weapons at the cost of MP.
Depending on the amount of MP used, it can even add special effects to
the weapons.
As a result, I can create what’s known as magic swords.
Page 47
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
The first time I noticed that this skill existed was during dinner in the
goblin village.
There were no forks or knives in the goblin village, so we normally ate
with our hands.
It happened when the meat from the day’s hunt was on the dinner table.
It was so tough, I found myself wishing from the bottom of my heart that I
had a knife.
Just like that, a flash of light filled the little room, and in the next instant,
there was a knife in my hand.
It was a lot shabbier than the kind of knife I’d been picturing, but it was
still unmistakably a knife.
Mysteriously, a knife had just appeared from thin air.
We didn’t know how it had happened until we used the village chief’s
Appraisal Stone, the only one in the village.
The results showed that I had the Weapon Creation skill.
Once we learned that, my daily life changed ever so slightly.
I produced as many weapons as my MP would permit.
All I wanted was to be of some use to the village.
Unfortunately, since I had so little MP at the time, those shabby knives
were about the best I could produce.
And making one of them used up all my MP, so I always had to wait for it
to recover.
Even so, everyone in the village was grateful, since it gave them the
ability to cut up the food they’d previously had to eat with their hands.
I was so happy that I kept making knives whenever I could.
Continuously making knives meant that my skill level went up, my MP
pool increased, and so on, until I was able to make a proper kitchen knife.
I would’ve liked to make forks, too, but as the name implies, Weapon
Creation can’t make anything but weapons.
I was probably able to create table and kitchen knives only because
they’re technically usable as weapons.
Small knives, kitchen knives, and later, large knives that could be used to
butcher meat.
After that, I moved on to short swords.
Then I was finally able to make proper long swords.
Gradually, I became able to make better, stronger weapons.
Page 48
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Until then, the goblins never had the means or resources to craft good
weapons, but that changed dramatically thanks to my Weapon Creation skill.
Soon, they were able to defeat monsters they could never best before,
greatly expanding the area in which they could hunt and explore.
That meant more supplies of meat and more resources that could be
gathered.
My power was helping everyone in the village.
I was so happy and proud that I devoted myself even more intently to
Weapon Creation.
Thinking back, that was probably the most fulfilled I’ve ever been.
The more weapons I made, the more my skill level increased, which let
me make even better weapons.
And better weapons meant a better life for everyone.
What could be more worthwhile?
I now have far more MP and higher skill levels than I did at the time, so
the amount and quality of weapons I can make doesn’t even compare to my
abilities back then.
I couldn’t add special effects to weapons in the past, either.
I’m growing more and more.
But that isn’t fulfilling to me at all.
How can I be happy about making weapons used to kill people?
I once made weapons to defeat monsters for the sake of our livelihood,
but now I make weapons to kill humans.
Though I’m making weapons in both cases, there’s an enormous
difference.
…Then again, I guess a weapon is a weapon.
That much doesn’t change.
However, the way you use it changes its nature profoundly.
I’m using these weapons to kill people now.
I guess that’s the only difference.
That’s not the purpose I honed this skill for, but here I am.
I gaze at my surroundings again.
The broken earth.
The remains of adventurers, blown away or cut down.
Some of them are still in one piece, but many more are unrecognizably
mangled.
Page 49
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
It was the magic swords I made that did this to them.
Land mine swords.
As the name implies, they’re magic swords with a similar effect to land
mines.
Usually, magic swords use the wielder’s MP to produce effects, so they’re
used continually until they break.
The same is true of the two swords I use as my personal weapons, the
flame katana and the lightning katana.
But land mine swords are different.
I preload them with plenty of my MP when I create them.
Then all their stored energy is unleashed at once when they explode.
Magic swords are supposed to be used over a long period of time, so if
you imagine all that power coming out in a single moment, you can guess
how intense that would be.
Still, it’s not as if the power they have is actually all that impressive.
Since they don’t have a wielder providing MP like most magic swords,
they become one use only in exchange for an extra bit of kick.
Considering the amount of MP it costs to make them, regular magic
swords are probably a lot more cost-efficient.
Still, the one-use-only swords are definitely more powerful, and the fact
that they can be used without spending MP is a huge point in their favor.
And since I have only two arms and can therefore wield only two magic
swords, the land mine swords are a lot more useful.
Once they’ve been set, they explode on their own as soon as someone
steps on them.
All I have to do is create the land mine swords and set them in the ground.
There’s only one of me, so obviously I’m at a disadvantage whenever I’m
outnumbered. That’s why I developed the land mine swords.
I can set them up as traps to help level the playing field.
The best part is, the more magic swords I make with Weapon Creation,
the better my skill level gets.
With a higher skill level, I can create even better magic swords.
That means it’s in my best interest to create as many swords as I can, but
like I said earlier, I can wield only two swords at a time.
Even if I insist on equipping myself with more, like you might in a game
or manga, it’s not like the extras will do me any good.
Page 50
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
And since I’d prefer not to let the magic swords I make go to waste,
creating one-use swords that can be used from a distance was the perfect
solution.
By that same logic, I also developed exploding swords for throwing along
with the land mine swords.
These aren’t that different from the land mine swords, but the most
attractive feature is that I get to choose who to attack and when.
At first, I thought I’d try making guns or something, but it seems that my
Weapon Creation skill can’t make modern weapons.
Blades and bludgeons are no problem, but I can’t make anything that uses
gunpowder.
So I developed exploding swords as the next best thing, and they turned
out to be incredibly powerful.
Since they’re swords, my Swordsmanship skill boosts their attack power,
and my Throw skill increases the accuracy and impact, so being hit by one
already does a lot of damage.
And since they explode on top of that, they’ve got more raw power than
even the land mine swords.
In fact, they’re even more lethal than guns.
The only difficulty is that, unlike land mine swords, I have to actually
throw them myself, so I can’t use them if the target is outside of my throwing
range.
But I can make up for that by using them in combination with land mine
swords.
I place land mind swords all around me to make it difficult for enemies to
get too close, and if they manage to do so, I can just throw an exploding
sword at them.
The land mines create an invisible wall of defense, and the exploding
swords are my battery.
In a way, I guess that makes me a living fortress.
Still, both land mine swords and exploding swords are consumable
resources.
After they’ve been used once, that’s it.
My land mine sword defenses and my exploding sword offenses both
have a limit.
When all is said and done, the only thing I can always rely on is myself
Page 51
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
and my own two swords.
The flame katana and the lightning katana.
They’re real, proper magic swords, unlike the one-use-only land mine and
exploding swords.
Since they’re shaped like katanas, maybe it would be more accurate to call
them magic katanas.
Just as the names imply, they’re imbued with the powers of fire and
lightning respectively.
If I channel my MP into them, the blades become enveloped in flame and
lightning, explosively raising their attack power.
They can shoot fire and lightning as well, allowing me to keep enemies
away at midrange.
On top of that, just equipping them raises the wielder’s defense, granting
resistance to fire and lightning, and even increases and heals HP and MP.
It’s not as effective as skills, but since they decrease damage and help
with healing, they’re incredibly useful for long battles.
And since they can even automatically repair damage to their own blades,
they’re virtually indestructible, as long as they aren’t completely destroyed in
a single attack.
Making swords with this many useful effects was difficult even for me.
I’m extremely proud of them.
I even used the Naming skill to give them names, enhancing their effects
further.
The Naming skill gives a name to objects or living beings, which
improves their effects, raises their stats, and so on.
Naming living things can also give the namer influence over the named,
so if a living creature doesn’t have a name, giving them one can place them
under your power.
The naming alone doesn’t have that much effect, but if used in
combination with other skills, you can even control the named living thing
completely.
Which is how I…
An awful memory comes to mind.
I shake it off, trying to regain my composure.
After they formed such a large-scale hunting party, I doubt the humans
will give up so easily.
Page 52
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
In fact, now that they know that such a dangerous monster exists, they’ll
probably get even more desperate to defeat me.
They’re not wrong to think that I’m a danger to humans, so I can’t blame
them for making that call.
Still, that doesn’t mean I don’t find it aggravating.
Anyone would be angry if they were attacked like that.
As long as they’re going to keep coming after me, I’ll make preparations
and be ready for them.
I’m not going to try to reach an understanding with humans now.
Humans can’t be trusted.
In fact, I’d like to wipe them all out.
Dark emotions start to well up inside me.
The taste of blood fills my mouth.
At first, I thought I must have clenched my teeth so hard that I bit my own
cheek, but then I realize that I’m biting one of the adventurer’s corpses.
The tastes of blood and flesh in my mouth trigger old memories, bringing
back the rage I felt back then.
All that fury threatens to take over my mind, but I shake my head rapidly,
fighting it off.
Not good.
I have to remain calm.
It’s all right. I’m fine.
I haven’t lost my composure.
I have to stay calm and prepare for the humans’ next attack.
Tearing the dead adventurer to pieces with my mouth, I start thinking up
my strategy to kill the next humans who come after me.
Page 53
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com