 A CHANCE ENCOUNTER WITH A NEMESIS
It happened earlier this afternoon.
“Huh? The road is blocked off?”
Miss Ariel’s voice echoes through the guild.
There aren’t many people here, and it’s not particularly large, so Miss
Ariel’s voice is pretty clear.
“I’m afraid so. An extremely dangerous monster has appeared near the
road up ahead. Until the monster has been dealt with, the road is closed. We
truly apologize for the inconvenience.”
The receptionist bows politely.
This place is an adventurers’ guild.
Adventurers are essentially professionals whose job is to defeat monsters,
and this guild is where they gather.
Monsters have a tendency to aggressively attack humans, so in order to
ensure the safety of the town and major roads, there have to be people to fight
those monsters.
That’s where adventurers come in.
In this world, even the smallest village or town has to have adventurers,
who are generally well respected by society.
This town is no exception, which is why they have this adventurers’ guild.
A single step out of town is where the realm of monsters begins.
In addition to hunting monsters, adventurers also protect ordinary
civilians who have business outside town.
Which is why you can never have too many.
“Ahhh. Is that why there are so few people here?”
Ariel looks around and nods.
Page 74
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
A town this size should have a healthy population of adventurers, yet the
guild is almost entirely devoid of people.
They must all be out hunting for that monster right now.
“No, erm…”
The woman trails off vaguely.
Peering at her, Miss Ariel frowns as a thought comes to mind.
“Don’t tell me… Have this town’s adventurers been more or less wiped
out?”
““Huh?”” the receptionist and I utter in unison.
I shoot a nervous look at the receptionist, but she isn’t paying me any
mind, just staring at Ariel with a pale face.
Judging by her expression, it’s all too evident that Miss Ariel’s guess was
correct.
I suppose the receptionist and I were surprised for different reasons: I was
surprised because Miss Ariel’s words came out of nowhere, and the
receptionist was surprised because she’d guessed the truth.
“I see. Well, that’s unfortunate.” Ariel sounds somewhat detached or
maybe annoyed. “I guess there’s nothing we can do about the blockade, then.
So are they actually going to defeat that monster?”
“Er, yes. The army is being mobilized and should be on its way.”
“An army? Not adventurers from other towns?” Ariel asks.
“Ha, not a chance. No adventurers are ever gonna beat that thing. Besides,
the only adventurers left around here right now are from other towns. They
were too late to join the hunting party, so lucky for them, they got to live.”
Instead of the receptionist, one of the adventurers answers Miss Ariel’s
question.
One of the few adventurers in this mostly deserted guild.
“Mr. Gotou…,” the receptionist murmurs somewhat pityingly.
The man approaching us with a lopsided grin must be named Gotou.
And judging by the receptionist’s attitude and the way he speaks as if he’s
seen the monster, he must be one of the few survivors of the wiped-out
adventurers.
“Nice to meet you lovely ladies. The name’s Gotou. Might not look it, but
I’m an A-rank adventurer. Though that title ain’t worth much after I ran away
from that ogre with my tail between my legs.”
Gotou shrugs bitterly.
Page 75
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Looking closely, I see that his eyes are red around the edges.
He must have had close friends among the adventurers who were killed.
“Yeah? So what’s an A-rank adventurer like you doing here now?”
Rather harshly, Miss Ariel ignores his obvious plight.
Not even a word of comfort for this clearly wounded man?
Well, I suppose it might be strange to comfort a complete stranger who
suddenly started talking to you.
“Oh, nothing. Just thought I’d do ya a little favor.” Gotou smiles wryly at
Ariel’s cold demeanor, but then his smile fades to a serious expression. “I’m
willing to bet you’re a lot stronger than you look, but if you’re thinking about
going up against that ogre, I’d think again. That thing’s a beast. If you
underestimate it just ’cause it’s an ogre, you’re gonna end up regretting it,
just like all of us did. That thing’s a walking natural disaster, same class as
any elder wyrm.”
It sounds like the dangerous monster that’s appeared is an ogre, albeit a
very unusual one.
But what really catches my attention is that Gotou discerned Miss Ariel’s
true strength so easily.
Miss Ariel looks like a child, not an all-powerful being, but those with
sharp senses might detect a hint of the sheer intimidating aura rolling off her.
Even if she turns off the Intimidation skill, she can’t quite suppress it
because of the effects of titles and such.
But with her high Stealth, she can generally hide that, too, so only people
with particularly strong intuition should be able to see through it.
If he picked up on Ariel’s true nature, then this Gotou must be pretty
strong himself.
I guess he’s an A-rank adventurer for a reason.
“The army that’s coming is being led by Elder Ronandt and Elder
Nyudoz. Just let them take care of it. No need to try face a monster like that
by yourself.”
I don’t recognize the names Gotou mentioned, but based on his tone, they
must be quite strong.
Perhaps even strong enough to defeat an ogre with the strength of a full-
grown wyrm.
“Hrmmm. All right, then. We’ll wait it out until that ogre’s taken care of.
Not that I planned on meddling with the thing myself in the first place.”
Page 76
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Miss Ariel shrugs.
From her perspective, this is probably an unwelcome bit of advice.
Whether it’s an ogre, a wyrm, or even a dragon for that matter, it wouldn’t
even pose a threat to Miss Ariel.
It would be a simple matter for her to defeat it, if she felt so inclined.
But she doesn’t seem to want to, so either she’s trying to be polite or just
wants to avoid drawing too much attention to herself.
“Glad to hear it. What business ya got up that road anyway? It don’t lead
anywhere but the Mystic Mountains, y’know.”
For a moment, Gotou’s eyes seem to glint sharply.
Could he have caught on to Miss Ariel’s true identity?
No, surely he’d have no way of knowing that she’s the Demon Lord.
But he might have picked up on the fact that she’s not human. If he sensed
her power to a certain extent, he knows there’s more to her than meets the
eye.
Plus, she’s traveling with a bunch of little girls in tow, including myself.
Right now, our group consists of Miss Ariel, Merazophis, Ael, Riel, Fiel,
and me.
Aside from Merazophis, all of us appear to be children.
Ariel looks just barely old enough to be called a “young lady,” but the rest
of us look even younger than that.
I’m sure our group looks very unusual to other onlookers.
I wonder if they assume Merazophis is our guardian?
At any rate, since Miss Ariel is our leader and he knows that she’s more
powerful than she looks, I’m sure he finds us quite suspicious.
“Well then, it must be obvious that our business is in the Mystic
Mountains,” Miss Ariel responds casually.
Should you really be admitting that so honestly?
“And what might that be, eh?”
“Why should I have to tell you? I wouldn’t give you any more
information unless we were close enough to be sharing a bed first.”
…I wish she wouldn’t throw around such adult topics so casually.
You’ll be a bad influence for all the little girls here, y’know.
Although I guess all of us, including me, are actually older than we look.
Ael, Riel, and Fiel are monsters like Miss Ariel, so they’re hardly young.
And while my body is as young as it looks, my mind has been around for
Page 77
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
much longer.
If you include my previous life, I’m pretty grown up, no?
I do feel like I don’t fully have control over what my body does
sometimes, but my mental age is quite high, I think.
If you take my age in my old life into account, I’m surely an adult by
now.
I always assumed that once I reached my twenties, I’d naturally calm
down and become more mature, but I never imagined that I’d actually end up
back in the body of a child.
But I suppose it was unrealistic to assume that I’d turn into a proper adult
based on age alone.
I suppose I hoped that the people who used to look down on me would
become a little easier to deal with in adulthood, too.
But looking at myself now, I can’t help feeling like all of that was just
wishful thinking.
…Wait a moment.
Does that mean that I haven’t actually done that much growing up
mentally, but I’m avoiding that fact and giving up instead?
No, that can’t be.
I’m a proper lady.
I might look like a young girl, but I have to be well-balanced at least on
the inside!
I’m an adult.
I’m an adult!
All right.
“Guess you got a point. Sorry to bother ya.”
While my mind was wandering in an unexpected direction, it seems like
Miss Ariel settled things with Gotou.
He’s peeling away, so it looks like there won’t be any unnecessary
trouble.
If he’d been too persistent, it might’ve ended badly, considering Miss
Ariel’s true identity.
In the worst-case scenario, Ariel and company might have beaten him to a
pulp.
Really, Miss Ariel could destroy this whole town if she was so inclined.
By wisely choosing to withdraw, Gotou might’ve just narrowly escaped
Page 78
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
death.
“Any other information worth noting?”
“Ah, no, I don’t believe so.”
Ariel abruptly turns back to the flustered receptionist.
“Oh, right. They were building a village at the foot of the Mystic
Mountains, but the place is a total ghost town now.” Contrary to the
receptionist’s words, Gotou provides some other news. “Rumor has it that the
ogre might’ve killed ’em all. If you knew anyone there, well, I’m sorry for
your loss.”
“Huh. Well, I didn’t, so I guess that doesn’t make much difference to me.”
At Ariel’s response, Gotou’s eyes glitter again.
“Mr. Gotou, that information’s supposed to be top secret…”
“Oops, my bad! Totally forgot. Pretend you didn’t hear that, all right?”
Miss Ariel rolls her eyes and shrugs in response.
“Let’s go, shall we?”
Deeming it pointless to stay here any longer, Miss Ariel leads us out of
the guild.
As soon as we exit, I use a certain skill.
It’s a vampire Progenitor skill that creates familiars.
I use it to make a mouse familiar and leave it at the guild house.
This gives me the ability to link my consciousness with the familiar.
In this case, I have it approach Gotou without being spotted.
Then I listen closely.
“When is the army arriving?”
Through the familiar’s ears, I hear Gotou’s voice, sounding much more
serious than before.
“Oh, erm, we d-don’t know the particulars just yet…”
The receptionist stammers.
Maybe Gotou’s sudden change in demeanor is making her nervous?
“Well, shit. The hell’s going on in this place? Is this town cursed or
what?”
“P-pardon?”
As Gotou mutters darkly, the receptionist stares at him in confusion.
As I watch through the familiar’s eyes, Gotou heaves a heavy sigh and
speaks again.
“I’d bet anything that those folks were demons.”
Page 79
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“What?!”
The receptionist exclaims with shock.
“Shhh! Keep your voice down! I’m not positive yet, but no human that
age would normally carry themselves like that. Demons often look younger
than they actually are. Most likely, that was a group of demon spies, using
their appearance to blend in and gather information about humans. Bet
they’re planning to go through the Mystic Mountains and retreat into the
demon realm once they’re done here, yeah?”
Wow.
That’s not exactly right but still pretty darn close.
“They are?! Oh no! Whatever shall we do?!”
“I told you to keep it down! For now, I dunno if this town’s forces would
be able to deal with ’em, what with us adventurers being in this sorry state. If
those guys are going to leave without causing any trouble, there’s no sense in
pissing them off for no reason.”
Oh?
I thought this was going to end up being a huge pain, but it seems like
Gotou is willing to just wait and watch.
“Really? Are you sure that’s all right?”
“It’s not exactly my first choice, but something about those girls gave me
the feeling we wouldn’t be able to beat ’em. They must be pretty well-trained
demons. I know they seem small, but they looked at me like I wasn’t worth a
damn. Like they knew they’d be able to easily deal with me if it came down
to a fight.”
Well, he’s not wrong.
“Ugh, maybe I should retire from being an adventurer already. My
confidence is in pieces here.”
Gotou seems seriously down in the dumps, and the receptionist, unsure
whether to comfort him or how to do so, simply watches him anxiously.
“Anyway. Make sure you tell the guild master about this, yeah? In fact,
maybe it’d be faster if I do it myself.”
“W-wait! Shouldn’t we tell the Church, too?”
“Yeah, good point. You take care of that, then. I’ll go talk to the guild
master.”
With that, Gotou heads up some stairs behind the reception desk.
The receptionist hesitates for a moment, then tells the few remaining
Page 80
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
adventurers that she’s stepping away from her desk for a little while and goes
outside.
She’s probably off to tell the so-called Church about us.
That probably means the Word of God religion, right?
In that case, she’s probably wasting her time.
I’m sure the Word of God people are already well aware that we’re in this
town.
During our journey, I’ve learned that the organization known as the Word
of God religion is truly terrifying.
They have a church in just about every town and village, and all these
churches constantly provide the organization with information in secret.
Since being reincarnated into this world, I’ve become painfully aware of
the true value of information.
Here, it’s perfectly normal for something that’s common knowledge in
one town to be completely unheard-of in the next.
That’s a huge adjustment from Japan, where you could look up anything
online whenever you wanted.
In extreme cases, one town might be panicking on the verge of starvation
while the next town over is flourishing with an overabundant harvest.
In this world, information mostly travels on foot.
So the farther away one place is from another, the longer it will take for
information to arrive.
There are some special methods like teleportation, but there are precious
few individuals with the skill.
You’d have to be a Spatial Magic master or powerful enough to be able to
use a teleport gate.
Both of those things are completely inaccessible to the average person.
Which is why in this world, people don’t really understand the value of
information.
If you don’t have any way of knowing what’s going on in other places, it
might as well not be happening at all.
By establishing churches in various places around the entire world and
staffing every outpost with people who have a certain skill, the Word of God
religion can gather information from everywhere at once.
That skill is known as Fartalk.
It’s an advanced form of the Telepathy skill that allows you to
Page 81
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
communicate telepathically with people who are far away.
When I was a baby and still couldn’t speak properly, I relied on this skill
quite a bit.
But in this society, most people consider that skill pointless.
The common view is that you might as well just communicate in person
directly, and most of all, you have to use scarce skill points to acquire
Telepathy.
After all, the only other way to get skills is by doing related actions until
you build up enough proficiency to acquire the skill naturally, and there’s no
“related action” for Telepathy.
Well, I guess there might be, but there’s certainly no way you could
acquire Telepathy just by living your life normally.
That means the only sure way to acquire the Telepathy skill is to use skill
points, but those are a highly limited resource.
I was born with a huge amount of skill points, maybe because I’m a
reincarnation, but most people aren’t born with any at all.
The only way to get skill points is to obtain them naturally as you age or
level up.
And that only earns you very small amounts, so people have to be
cautious about how they spend them.
As a result, there aren’t that many people who choose to use skill points
on something like Telepathy, it seems.
I do think it ends up being a useful skill if you have it, but most people
won’t spend their valuable skill points on something that’s only mildly
convenient.
But the Word of God religion really uses the Telepathy skill to its
maximum potential.
They have their personnel train up their Telepathy until it evolves into
Fartalk, allowing them to converse with people who are far away, and then
they dispatch those personnel to far-off towns and villages so that they can
gather information instantly.
The resulting information network is one of the Word of God’s greatest
assets.
In a society where towns can’t even communicate conveniently with their
neighbors, this religion can gather information from any of their churches
across the world.
Page 82
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Frankly, there’s no organization in this world that could possibly beat the
Word of God religion in an information war.
If the Word of God was so inclined, they could easily spread false rumors
or cover up any inconvenient truths.
And they use that informational power to keep their influence strong.
The Pontiff’s strength is proof enough of that.
And since the Word of God has this information network, I have no doubt
that they already know where we are.
We’re too important for the Pontiff to ignore, especially Miss Ariel.
In addition to their church-based information network, no doubt they have
surveillance on us as well.
In the incident two years ago, the Pontiff was able to appear in front of us
in no time flat, even though we were carefully avoiding the public eye.
So even if that receptionist goes running to the Church, I’m sure she’ll
only be telling them what they already know.
And I don’t think the Pontiff would be stupid enough to make an enemy
of Miss Ariel just because of that.
I’m sure he’ll handle the situation gracefully.
That’s the one thing he can be trusted to do.
…Even if it leaves me with complicated feelings to trust the man partly
responsible for my parents’ deaths with anything at all.
At this time, even as my senses are linked with my familiar in the guild,
I’m also walking along with Ariel and the others.
Not only am I focusing on the familiar, I’m thinking about unnecessary
things, which I suppose means my guard is down.
“…shi!”
That’s why I react a second too late.
I hear a shout and feel someone grab my arm.
“Huh?!”
Whirling around, I see a small girl.
She looks just as young as I do—no, even younger.
And she’s reaching out from an alleyway, grabbing my arm.
Normally, I might freeze up in the face of such an unexpected event.
But this time, I react on pure instinct.
Because this girl’s ears are long and pointed.
Page 83
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
Page 84
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com
“An elf! Don’t touch me!”
I shake off the girl’s hand and push away her small frame with all my
might.
On top of that, I even cast magic at her.
My Ice Magic courses through the alleyway, freezing it over.
However, the elf girl has already disappeared before it can freeze her.
I felt something strange when I pushed her away, and I realize belatedly
that she was holding hands with someone.
That person must have used Spatial Magic to teleport away with the girl.
What if her hand had still been on my arm?
I would’ve been teleported along with them.
That must have been the goal of their attack. They used a little girl to get
me to let my guard down in the hopes of abducting me.
“Are you all right?”
“I think so.”
“For now, let’s just get out of here before anyone notices.”
Miss Ariel guides the others and me away from the alley.
Since I used my magic to the best of my ability, the entire alley is frozen
over, which is sure to draw attention.
Considering the situation with Gotou, it might lead to some major
problems if anyone finds out we were involved in this ruckus.
“Did she call you Negishi?”
On our way back to the inn, Miss Ariel murmurs something to me.
“What?”
“Oh, nothing. I’m sure it was just my imagination.”
Though she brushes it off lightly, Miss Ariel’s expression looks grim.
Page 85
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com