--- PAGE 177 (PDF index) ---
Within moments, White is snoozing quietly.
It’s been a long time since I saw her sleeping so defenselessly.
In fact, she hardly ever sleeps this deeply at all.
The only time I remember is after she became a god, when she lost her
powers.
Even then, she was heavily on guard at first and would wake up right
away at the slightest sound or movement.
But then either she came to trust us more, or perhaps she decided there
was no point being on her guard since she had no powers left anyway; at any
rate, she started to sleep more soundly.
When she was staying in the duke’s mansion in the demon territory, she
apparently slept like a log.
But there was much less of that once she started getting her powers back.
And I think she completely stopped letting anyone else see her sleep right
around the time she resolved to destroy the system and save the world.
Ever since then, White has been running nonstop.
Even though I know all she really wants to do is laze around…
Watching her reminds me of the original Ruler of Sloth.
A Ruler who loved lazing around but kept working nonstop until it
eventually killed them.
At the time, I couldn’t do anything to help.
Because I was much weaker than I am now.
No, that’s not right. Even now, I’m depending on White far too much,
hardly doing anything myself.
In the end, I still exist inside the system.
There’s not much I can do when it comes to what goes on outside it.
The most I can contribute is to force White to sleep like this.
Page 168
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 178 (PDF index) ---
It frustrates me to no end.
I want to help her more.
In fact, the reality is even more painful. White is originally an outsider
here, and we’re forcing her to take on all these burdens.
It’s not just White, either.
Sophia, Wrath…
Even Merazophis, though he’s not a reincarnation.
They’re all generously lending me their strength.
I really do feel fortunate.
Maybe even as much as those days when I was surrounded by the first
Rulers, or even more.
Back then, I was just a weakling, being protected by all of them.
But it’s different now.
I’ve gotten stronger.
Strong enough to fight, to defeat Potimas.
I can’t help White.
But I’ll do everything within my power until I’m spent.
It’s the least I can do to repay everyone for helping me.
I’ll express my ultimate gratitude by seeing it through to the end and
making sure it all succeeds.
Lady Sariel.
The first Rulers, who have long since passed on.
Please watch over me.
I’m going to save this world with my own two hands.
I promise.
And then, if possible, I want to celebrate with White and the others.
So please, White.
Don’t push yourself too hard, okay?
Page 169
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com