--- PAGE 218 (PDF index) ---
For some reason, I suddenly felt like I couldn’t be in that room any longer,
and I popped over here.
Well, it seemed like the system-related clones could handle the rest of the
work. No big deal.
In fact, I don’t have much choice but to leave it to them…
It seems like it’s going to take a long time to pick those locks, huh…?
Maybe I underestimated how involved it would be.
But as my absence doesn’t do much except maybe lessen their efficiency
a little, I might as well just let the system-related clones take their time
breaking open all those locks.
I’ve got a big job ahead of me right now, after all.
“So it’s finally time.”
The Demon Lord gazes ahead of us, murmuring quietly.
As the demon army advances, disguised as the imperial army, we can
already see our destination in the distance.
A huge forest.
The Great Garam Forest.
The village of the elves is hidden within those trees.
Up ahead, the imperial army has already entered the forest.
They’re moving slowly, since they’re cutting down trees and branches as
they advance to clear an easier path.
It shouldn’t be long before the demon army catches up to the imperial
army.
And by the time that happens, we should reach the elf village shortly
thereafter.
It’s time.
At long last, the time has come to settle things with Potimas.
Page 209
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 219 (PDF index) ---
In the end, Yamada and friends made it to the elf village in time without a
hitch, despite my efforts.
Depending on how the unknown factor of Team Yamada comes into play,
the flow of the battle will probably change.
But this much I can say for sure:
“It’s all over for Potimas.”
“Heh. You’re right.” The Demon Lord smiles and nods. “Yes, it’s been a
long, long time. Let’s finally put an end to that story.”
“Yeah.”
Now, time for the first big step in our plan to save the world.
Let’s get rid of the malignant parasite called Potimas. He’s leeched off
this world for too long.
“Shall we go, then?”
“Yeah.”
Page 210
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com