 EVOLUTION
Once the arch taratect has been dealt with, I check to make sure my
surroundings are safe before I breathe a sigh of relief.
I survived!
Boy, that was rough.
I thought being chased down by Mother was bad enough, but then I got
ambushed as soon as I escaped?
Just how badly does she want to kill me?
I mean, she’s seriously out for blood.
If this were a game, it’d get scathing reviews for being too hard.
It’s like if the final boss spawned just as you were entering the first real
area, and when you ran away, you got attacked by a bunch of mini-bosses at
once.
Unreal.
At this point, my sheer exhaustion outweighs my excitement about
surviving.
Both physically and mentally speaking.
I’ve definitely resigned myself to death quite a few times by now, but this
was the closest call yet.
I even used Annihilating Evil Eye, which I’d considered off-limits
because of its self-destructive nature, on a gamble where my odds of
surviving were far lower.
I’ve had my share of situations where a single hit would kill me, but
nothing like what just happened, where death closed in on me from all sides.
I think the closest I’ve come before that was when I fell to the Lower
Stratum and got stung by that bee, or when I fought Araba.
Being one hit away from a death that could come at any moment is scary,

--- PAGE BREAK ---

but being slowly backed into a corner with no way out? Waaay worse.
Seriously, no more of that, please.
Well, that crisis is over, at least for now.
My current location is a magma lake about halfway through the Middle
Stratum.
Given their weakness to fire, those other spiders won’t chase me this far. I
hope.
I mean, even the arch’s HP decreased just by being here, which means any
taratects weaker than that would probably die in a flash.
The biggest problem is that weird new puppet spider.
That thing might actually be able to function in the Middle Stratum.
Man, what was up with that freak?
Since it’s nowhere on my evolution chart from Professor Wisdom, it must
be some special evolution that’s not part of the normal taratect line.
Maybe it’s a mutation or something? Either way, that’s one ace I wish
they’d kept in the hole.
It might not be quite as horrifying as Mother, but since its stats are above
10,000, I definitely don’t see myself winning that fight.
It was bad enough that it prevented me from fleeing and all, but if it had
been that thing actively attacking me instead of the archs, I would’ve been in
big trouble.
If the archs had blocked the passage instead, while the puppet spider
finished me off…
Oh yeah, I’d be dead.
That’s the only miscalculation Mother made.
And it was that tiny error that saved my ass.
That was still the worst predicament I’ve been in yet, though.
So what should I do now?
First of all, I’d like to know what Mother is up to.
I tried checking in with my Parallel Minds that are totally rocking their
spirit battle with Mother, but it seemed like there was some blockage partway
through.
Our connection hasn’t been cut, but something is interfering with our
communication.
My connection with Mother is fading, too.
My guess is that Mother was able to track my actions perfectly because

--- PAGE BREAK ---

she was using her Kin Control skill to spy on me.
It was when I first noticed that skill’s influence that I decided to use it to
launch a counterattack on Mother. It makes sense that it would still be
connecting us.
I had let my guard down about it because she couldn’t control me, but she
must have been able to use it to watch me.
And if that connection is weakening now, does that mean Mother can’t
see me anymore, either?
If that’s the case, then she might attack again if the connection recovers.
She’d figure out where I am.
But to put it another way, that means she probably doesn’t know where I
am right now. Maybe I can relax a little.
This is all just an educated guess, though, so I’d better not put too much
faith in it.
Still, maybe this means I shouldn’t use Clairvoyance to check on Mother.
I’m afraid it’d attract her attention.
For now, if I just stay put, it should buy me a few days at least.
If my Parallel Minds can defeat Mother in that time, then it’ll all be over.
Even if not, I don’t stand a chance of beating her in person. Running away
is my only option.
Now I know how criminals feel when they’re on the run.
I’m scared of the spider police.
Well, let’s just focus on what I can do for now.
When I defeated the arch earlier, I went up to level 30.
And now the words Evolution Available have appeared in my status.
Heh-heh-heh. That’s right. I can evolve again!
This is the last step I need before my evolutionary goal, arachne.
I have only one option: Zana Horowa.
As far as I can tell from the evolutionary tree, this species is on the same
level as Mother.
Still, considering my evolutions so far, I’m guessing my stats aren’t going
to suddenly jump way up or anything.
Just evolving won’t suddenly make me Mother’s equal.
For one thing, even if our species are on par with each other, Mother is
level 89.
I’d have to evolve and grind my way up to level 89 to compete with that.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Still, if I evolve, my stats will probably go up at least a little, and maybe
I’ll get some new skills, too.
Although at this point, the only skills I’ve gotten from evolving are things
like Rot Attack and Annihilating Evil Eye, which are super-strong but do tons
of damage to me, too!
I’ll be totally unprotected when I evolve, but all the other monsters in the
area ran off somewhere while I was beating the crap out of the arch, so that
isn’t a problem.
Not so long ago, it was a life-threatening risk to evolve here, but now
monsters all run away from me of their own accord.
That kinda sucks, in that it makes it difficult to secure food, but at times
like this, I’m grateful for it.
Let’s get evolving!
<Individual Ede Saine will evolve into Zana Horowa.>
Yes.
My consciousness…doesn’t fade like it normally would.
Huh?
What’s up with that?
Oh, maybe it’s Exhaustion Nullification?
That’s a skill I got with my Ruler of Sloth title.
Not only does it cancel out Sleep-attribute attacks; it also prevents the
negative effects of not sleeping.
I can stay up twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, with no
penalties to show for it.
Plus, I can still sleep normally when I want. It’s a pretty handy skill.
I’m guessing it’s also the reason why I’m not passing out when I evolve
now.
So…this is evolution, huh?
It feels pretty weird.
It doesn’t hurt or itch or anything, but it’s kinda like my body is being
remodeled from the inside out.
Like I’m turning into something totally different.
But weirdly, it doesn’t feel bad or scary.
<Evolution completed.>
<Species changed to Zana Horowa.>
<All basic attributes have increased.>

--- PAGE BREAK ---

<Skill proficiency evolutionary bonus acquired.>
Then a whole bunch of my skills level up.
Ooh.
I knew evolving would improve my skills and all, but hearing them listed
off like this really drives home how many there are.
<Acquired skill [Immortality] as a result of evolution.>
<Skill points acquired.>
Hmm?
Hmmmm?
Excuuuuuse me?!
Did I just hear what I think I just heard?
Wait.
What did you say I got?
<Immortality: User will no longer die within the system.>
Whaaaaaaat?!
Are you sure about that?!
How is this even allowed?!
How stupid can that D weirdo get to just give me a skill like this?!
We’re talking about the ultimate cheat skill that people have pursued
throughout time and space!
Ohhh man! Now we’re talkin’!
If I can’t die, doesn’t that mean I can just charge on up to Mother if I want
to?
We’re talking about immortality here!
I can get stomped on, hit with a breath attack, or blasted to smithereens by
magic, and I still won’t die.
I’ll just keep attacking like a zombie.
Even an all-powerful monster like Mother would run out of strength
eventually if she fought an enemy who never dies.
Bwa-ha-ha!
Who knew evolving would just casually solve all my problems?!
If just evolving into this race gives you such an overpowered skill, no
wonder it said it’s on the same level as Mother.
Whew.
Anyway, I’d better eat to recover the red stamina I lost in evolution.
Munching on the dead arch, I open my status.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

<Zana Horowa LV 1 Nameless
Status: HP: 4,293/4,293 (green) +1,800
(details)
SP: 2,873/2,873 (yellow)
(details)
Average Offensive Ability:
2,833 (details)
Average Magical Ability:
12,599 (details)
Average Speed Ability: 8,361
(details)
MP: 13,292/13,292 (blue)
+1,800 (details)
: 1,445/2,873 (red)
+0 (details)
Average Defensive Ability:
2,904 (details)
Average Resistance Ability:
12,545 (details)
Skills:    
[HP Rapid Recovery
LV 9]
[Height of Occultism] [Magic Divinity LV 3] [Magic Power
Conferment LV 8]
[Magic Attack LV 1] [SP Rapid Recovery LV 2] [SP Minimized
Consumption LV 2]
[Destruction
Enhancement LV 7]
[Cutting Enhancement
LV 5]
[Status Condition Super-
Enhancement LV 2]
[Battle Divinity LV 1] [Energy Conferment
LV 6]
[Dragon Power LV 8] [Deadly Poison Attack LV 7] [Rot Attack LV 5] [Heretic Attack LV 6]
[Poison Synthesis LV
10]
[Medicine Synthesis LV 8] [Thread Genius LV 1] [Utility Thread LV 7]
[Thread Control LV
10]
[Telekinesis LV 3] [Throw LV 10] [Expel LV 4]
[Dimensional
Maneuvering LV 9]
[Concentration LV 10] [Thought Acceleration
LV 1]
[Future Sight LV 1]
[Parallel Minds LV 8] [High-Speed Processing LV
7]
[Hit LV 10] [Evasion LV 10]
[Probability
Correction LV 7]
[Stealth LV 10] [Camouflage LV 3] [Silence LV 9]
[Tyrant LV 2] [Conviction] [Hades] [Corruption]
[Immortality] [Heresy Magic LV 10] [Wind Magic LV 7] [Earth Magic LV 10]
[Terrain Magic LV 3] [Shadow Magic LV 10] [Dark Magic LV 10] [Black Magic LV 5]
[Poison Magic LV 10] [Healing Magic LV 10] [Spatial Magic LV 10] [Dimensional Magic
LV 5]
[Abyss Magic LV 10] [Perseverance] [Pride] [Wrath LV 4]

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[Satiation LV 8] [Sloth] [Wisdom] [Destruction
Resistance LV 6]
[Impact Resistance
LV 7]
[Cutting Resistance LV 7] [Piercing Resistance
LV 2]
[Flame Resistance LV
3]
[Wind Resistance LV
4]
[Earth Resistance LV 9] [Heavy Super-
Resistance LV 2]
[Status Condition
Nullification]
[Acid Resistance LV
7]
[Rot Resistance LV 8] [Faint Resistance LV 6] [Fear Super-
Resistance LV 1]
[Heresy Nullification] [Pain Nullification] [Pain Super-Mitigation
LV 5]
[Vision Enhancement
LV 10]
[Clairvoyance LV 8] [Jinx Evil Eye LV 7] [Inert Evil Eye LV 6] [Repellent Evil Eye
LV 3]
[Annihilating Evil
Eye LV 5]
[Five Senses Super-
Enhancement LV 2]
[Perception Expansion
LV 6]
[Divinity Expansion
LV 7]
[Celestial Power] [Ultimate Life LV 3] [Instant Body LV 8] [Endurance LV 8]
[Fortitude LV 3] [Stronghold LV 3] [Skanda LV 7] [Demon Lord LV 5]
[Taboo LV 10] [n% I = W]
Skill Points: 3,600
Titles:
[Foul Feeder] [Kin Eater] [Assassin] [Monster Slayer]
[Poison Technique
User]
[Thread User] [Merciless] [Monster Slaughterer]
[Ruler of Pride] [Ruler of Perseverance] [Ruler of Wisdom] [Wyrm Slayer]
[Fearbringer] [Dragon Slayer] [Ruler of Sloth] [Monster Calamity]
[Champion]
>
Hmm.
Yeah, my stats didn’t really go up that drastically.
Just like with my previous evolutions, it’s not much more than a regular
level-up.
My magic stats are still the only area that exceeds 10,000, with speed

--- PAGE BREAK ---

being the next highest.
Aside from Immortality, the most noteworthy new skill is probably Status
Condition Nullification.
Also, I was too distracted by Immortality to hear it, but it looks like I got
some title called Champion when I evolved.
I got the Status Condition Resistance skill with it, but then I guess all my
related skills, like Poison Resistance and Exhaustion Nullification, got
merged into it, so it made it all the way to Nullification at once.
<Champion: Acquire skills [Destruction Enhancement LV 1] [Status Condition
Resistance LV 1]. Acquisition condition: be recognized as a champion. Effect: inflicts
the Heresy-attribute effect “Fear” on anyone who sees the holder. Explanation: a title
awarded to those worthy of being champions.>
Good for you, spider! Now you’re even scarier!
At this point, just looking at me would probably be enough to make a
fainthearted person (or monster) pass out on the spot.
And what does “recognized as a champion” mean anyway?
Recognized by whom?
“By an administrator, of course.”
The voice is beautiful yet somehow deeply unsettling.
I look around and notice that there’s a smartphone lying right at my feet.
That’s where the voice that answered my inner thoughts is coming from.
This seems familiar. In fact, I’ve seen a smartphone in this world only
once, so there’s no mistake.
This must be the self-styled “evil god” D.
Yeah, let’s just pretend I didn’t see it.
Nope. I didn’t see a thing. I’m not listening.
“Hello? This is D.”
La-la-laaa…
I can’t heeear you.
“Oh, that’s odd. Who put this spider self-destruct button in my hand?”
I’m sorry—please forgive me!
Wait, what kind of button is that anyway?!
When did you even make that?!
“I’m joking. I don’t have anything of the sort. I don’t need any help to
turn you into a ghastly fireworks display if I feel like it, after all.”
Uhhh…yikes.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

That doesn’t exactly make me feel any better.
“Don’t you worry. I would never waste a hilarious up-and-coming talent
like you.”
Oh, is that right?
Gosh, what an honor.
Well, good talking to you.
“Activate self-destruct?”
I’m sorry!
“Come on, I’m joking. Lighten up.”
It’s hard to tell when you’re joking if your voice is totally monotone the
whole time, y’know.
“Yes, I get that a lot.”
What do you actually want?
“I just wanted to congratulate you. For attaining immortality.”
Oh. Thanks.
Hey, why did you make a skill like that anyway?
“What do you think people ultimately aim for when they’ve been
satisfied?”
Huh?
“Wealth, fame, power, authority, and, of course, agelessness or
immortality. That’s all people ever want, no matter what world they’re from.
And if they learned that they could actually get it, what do you think they
would do?”
Whatever it takes to get a hold of it, I guess.
Ohhh, so that’s it.
“Precisely. People love to strive for something, even if they know they’ll
never reach it. They’ll sacrifice anything. Then they’ll try, and try, and
ultimately expire without ever getting what they want. And we administrators
will be happy to accept the delicious fruits of their labors. It’s really quite
efficient, don’t you agree?”
Man, are you ever a creep.
“I am an evil god, after all.”
Then why’d you let me actually get my hands on it, then?
“Well, Zana Horowa is supposed to be an undead monster of sorts. I never
imagined any individual would actually evolve into it, however.”
Hey, wait a sec.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Does that mean I shouldn’t have picked it?
“No, I certainly wouldn’t say that. It’s simply that the prior step, Zoa Ele,
is already quite rare and has also been designed to die before it evolves.”
Huh? What’s that mean?
“The Zoa Ele evolution came with Rot Attack, remember? However, it
did not come with Rot Resistance.”
Huh? Really?
“Indeed. Thus, if a normal Zoa Ele was to use Rot Attack, it would
immediately die as well. You’re lucky you had Rot Resistance, hmm?”
Yikes!
For real?
I very nearly killed myself, then.
“Thanks to that resistance, you simply lost the ability to use your scythe.
Ordinarily, you would have died instantly.”
Talk about a defective product.
“The attack kills both yourself and your opponent. That’s why the Zoa Ele
has come to be known as a symbol of bad luck.”
Ahh.
I guess that is pretty unlucky.
Not to mention rude.
“The Ede Saine is the same way, since it gains the even-more-powerful
Annihilating Evil Eye. It’s bound to die before evolving.”
Have any of them ever evolved into a Zana Horowa before?
“Not a single one. Congratulations are in order. You’ve become a
completely one-of-a-kind monster. Bravo, bravo.”
That’s great and all, but somehow hearing it from you doesn’t make me
feel very good about it.
“After I was kind enough to congratulate you?”
I mean, considering your track record so far…y’know?
“Well, I am an evil god.”
Ugh.
Between Taboo and Immortality and all that, you really are the worst.
“I wish you’d phrase that a bit more flatteringly. You could say I’m
malice incarnate, for example.”
That’s definitely not gonna happen.
I will say you’re a nasty piece of work, though.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“You don’t think the Taboo system is brilliantly devised?”
Definitely not.
I’m basically an outsider here, so it mostly just makes me uncomfortable,
but wouldn’t a normal resident of this world go crazy the second they max
out Taboo?
“I suppose the humans who have maxed out Taboo in the past did not
meet a particularly pleasant end.”
Yeah, I wouldn’t think so.
“But that’s what makes it Taboo.”
Man, what’s wrong with you?
Well, I guess you reap what you sow.
“You don’t seem to be in any position to be making such observations.”
Oh, right.
I have to deal with Mother somehow, or I’ll never see the light of day
again.
By which I mostly mean I literally won’t be able to go outside.
“Since you don’t seem to be very self-aware about it, might I remind you
that this attack of yours is not within the system?”
Oh, really?
“At the very least, I have no recollection of implementing a skill that
would allow anything like what you’re doing right now.”
Huh.
Well, I guess I did get the feeling that I wasn’t really using a skill to attack
Mother with my Parallel Minds.
Wait, does that mean I’m using portions of my divinity field?
“It does indeed.”
Heh-heh-heh.
Looks like I’ll be becoming a god any day now.
“I’m looking forward to it.”
Uh, I was expecting you to have a retort for that, not to just totally blow
me off…
“No, I mean it. I am hopeful that you’ll manage to reach our field
someday.”
Seriously?
“Yes.”
What is your goal exactly?

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“I told you before. Amusement.”
Oh yeah.
I guess you did.
“I’m in a good mood today. How would you like me to share some
information with you?”
Seriously?!
“Yes. As long as it’s within my ability to tell you, I will be happy to
answer any questions you have about this world.”
Wow, for real?
Hmm. What should I ask, then?
Well, first of all, why did I get reincarnated into this world?
“Ah, yes. I’ll give you a detailed explanation, shall I? Let’s start from the
beginning. First, you died in Japan on Earth. Are you with me so far?”
Yes.
So I really did die, huh…?
I kinda figured.
“The cause of your death is in fact related to the hero and Demon Lord of
the previous age.”
Huh?
Why would heroes and demon lords in this world have any effect on
Earth?
“The previous hero and Demon Lord alike were remarkably talented
magic users. They altered Dimensional Magic to create a magic that crosses
the borders between worlds.”
Is that even possible?
“It certainly is. There’s nothing preventing it. However, the system does
not give support for any techniques outside of itself. The inhabitants of this
world were too accustomed to having the system’s support and couldn’t
control such an advanced rune on their own. As a result, the rune misfired.
When it crossed dimensions, it destroyed part of the MA field. Then it broke
through the barriers between worlds and unfortunately exploded on Earth, in
Japan, in a certain high school classroom.”
Whoa.
Way to cause trouble for other people.
How stupid do you have to be to destroy part of the MA field?
Not to mention getting me killed! Thanks a lot.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“Quite so. I ended up having to reexamine this world’s entire system,
which hadn’t been done since it was made.”
Huh?
“I told you, remember? I am an outsider in the world you’re in at present.
It’s the other administrators’ jobs to manage it. I did supply the system itself,
yes, but I will do nothing more.”
You say that, but you totally interfere all the time.
“I had no choice. Though it was a result of this world’s hero and Demon
Lord running rampant, those innocent high school students still got killed and
dragged into the system. Being partially responsible myself, I thought it was
the least I could do as the system’s creator to help them out a little.”
Hmm?
Partially responsible?
High school students, plural?
“As of now, twenty-five former earthlings have been reincarnated into this
world. The entire classroom was brutally destroyed, leaving no survivors.
And the souls of the people who were killed by that attack were regurgitated
into this world’s system, so they were all reincarnated here. Left to their own
devices, their souls would have disintegrated. That’s why I took matters into
my own hands and gave them the ‘n% I = W’ skill. With this skill, they
would be able to keep the strength, memories, and such of their souls. Then I
gave each of them a free skill based on their aptitude and generously ensured
that they would be reborn into species with a similar wavelength to their
original souls. If you ask me, that was the least I could do.”
Whoa, for real?
So there are others here besides me…
Hmm?
Wait, how many people were in our class again?
There were twenty-five, right?
So if you include our teacher, that makes twenty-six people.
Aren’t we one person short?
“Yes. That would be me.”
Wait, you?!
Whaaaat?
You were in our class?
“Yes. That’s why the magic the hero and Demon Lord created affected

--- PAGE BREAK ---

that particular classroom.”
Whaaat?
Hey, by the way, what’s your name?
“That’s a secret.”
Aw, whaaat?
C’mon, who are you?
I don’t remember anyone like you in that class…
“Well, let’s not talk about me. The point is, that whole incident occurred
because I, the highest administrator of the system, was in that classroom.
That is why I take partial responsibility. And so I interfered with this world
out of a sense of obligation.”
Uh-huh…
So that’s why I had Skanda this whole time.
But what about Wisdom?
I got the impression that you were done fulfilling your “obligation” as
soon as you got us all reincarnated.
“As I said, that was a reward for your hard work.”
Oh, right.
I suppose I owe you one, then.
Thanks.
“You’re quite welcome.”
So you gave me the whole Wisdom thing and let me max out Taboo, and
now you want me to save the world?
“I have said nothing of the sort. You are free to do whatever you wish in
this world. I will not stop you, nor will I direct you. I am simply an
observer.”
I sure hope so…
“You don’t seem to trust me.”
I mean, you’re an “evil god.”
“True enough.”
Oh, I know.
What were the hero and Demon Lord trying to do with that crazy magic
anyway?
“I think perhaps they were trying to defeat me.”
Why?
“It seems they were inclined to think of administrators as the enemy.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Perhaps someone else was instigating them.”
Doesn’t that mean they were stupid beyond saving, then?
Ugh.
I can’t believe I died because a couple of morons basically just caused a
huge traffic accident.
That’s sooo dumb.
“Well, I’ve done my part, so what you do now that you’ve been
reincarnated in a different world is up to you.”
Oh, right.
I guess.
You know, that was a pretty nice thing to do for an evil god.
Seriously, thanks for saving my butt.
“Don’t mention it.”
So who do you think was instigating the hero and Demon Lord?
“It wouldn’t be any fun if I told you that part. You’ll just have to see for
yourself.”
Sheesh.
That’s what you won’t tell me?
“Things will be more entertaining that way.”
Rude.
By the way, you mentioned earlier that you based our species on what
matched our soul’s wavelength or whatever, but…I’m a spider, aren’t I?
“You are indeed.”
So my soul was closest to a spider’s?
“Yes, the wavelength matched quite well, it seems. Most of the others
were reincarnated as humans, incidentally.”
Say whaaat?!
Why me?!
Why am I a spider?!
I want to be a human, too!
How come I got stuck playing a survival game from birth?!
“Your frustration is understandable, but it’s because you were born as a
spider that you were able to get such a big head start. It’s not necessarily a
bad thing, don’t you agree?”
Head start?
“Quite. The others are all still babies.”

--- PAGE BREAK ---

…Ohhh.
I get it.
I guess it hasn’t been that long since I was born.
“There is that, but it also happens that you were born much faster than a
human would be. In terms of the Earth calendar, you were born about six
months earlier than they were.”
Huh.
So I got half a year’s head start, and now I’ve been growing like crazy
while they’re still in cribs going “goo-goo ga-ga”?
“Yes, indeed. Do you have any other questions?”
Yeah, why did you make such an annoying system in the first place?
Couldn’t you have fixed things without it somehow, being as powerful as
you are and all?
“I wasn’t trying to fix anything. I am an evil god, remember?”
Yeah, I suppose.
“Well, I look forward to seeing what exciting actions you’ll take next.”
Or you could stop watching me.
“Oh, but I will watch. With a bag of chips in one hand and a game in the
other, most likely.”
Well, doesn’t that sound nice.
What, are you still in Japan?
“Indeed.”
No fair!
“These chips are delicious. Oh, there’s that new ice cream that just came
out, too. Maybe I’ll try it later.”
Die!!!
Ice creeeeam…
“I’ve got chocolate and vanilla. Which do you think I should have first?”
Shut up and die!
Don’t talk to me about delicious desserts!
“Perhaps I ought to indulge a little and eat both at once.”
Gaaah!
“Now, that’s enough joking for today. I’m rooting for you to defeat her,
you know. I hope you’ll survive and keep entertaining me.”
Sure. I’m not gonna die until I get to slap you in the face and steal your
ice cream!

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“I can’t wait. Well, good-bye for now.”
The smartphone poofs away.
That so-called evil god just talked at me for a while and left.
With the cell phone gone, I take some time to release the tension from my
body.
I put on a show of having a light conversation, but I was actually pretty
nervous.
D claims to be an evil god.
And that thing about having a spider self-destruct button might’ve been a
joke, but the part about being able to kill me at any time is for real.
That “evil god” could kill me as easily as switching on a TV with the
remote.
For some reason, D seems to like me enough to keep me alive for now,
but that could change at any time.
It’s just like D said: The fate of the world, the life and death of others, all
of that is just entertainment to them.
As is the choice whether or not to kill.
D doesn’t care, as long as it makes for an enjoyable show.
And I don’t think D actually reincarnated us out of a sense of obligation,
like they claimed.
Most likely, D did it because it would be more amusing that way.
That’s my guess, at least.
I am grateful that D reincarnated me after I died.
However, that means we reincarnations are nothing more than D’s
playthings, no matter what we do.
And that bothers me.
But there’s nothing I can do.
I’m sure that cruel god knows that I feel this way, too.
I bet that jerk gets a kick out of it.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

