 GUERRILLA WARFARE
I’ve been in the Middle Stratum for several days now.
Time to solidify my plans.
First off, I’m definitely not gonna be dumb enough to attack Mother head-
on.
Even with my evolution and my new Immortality skill, I simply don’t
think I can beat her.
Her stats are so overwhelmingly better than mine that even a zombie
attack wouldn’t do much.
In which case, the smart choice would be to wait until my Parallel Minds
take care of things.
Besides, I distinctly heard D say this:
“I’m rooting for you to defeat her, you know. I hope you’ll survive and
keep entertaining me.”
Survive.
D knew I’d just acquired the Immortality skill but still used the word
“survive.”
That means that even with the Immortality skill, it’s not impossible to die.
There must be some kind of loophole to kill someone even if they have
the Immortality skill.
Otherwise, I don’t think D would’ve phrased it that way.
For one thing, I could still get sealed away forever.
I’d rather not get trapped in concrete for eternity or something like that.
I should probably just think of Immortality as a last resort.
In which case, the next problem I have to deal with is that puppet spider.
But I don’t think I can beat that thing in a head-to-head battle, either.
Maybe I could try to take advantage of its weaknesses or something, like I

--- PAGE BREAK ---

did with Araba, but my odds of winning still wouldn’t be very high.
Let’s put that off for now.
I’ll avoid Mother and the puppet spider and set my sights on the rest of the
spider army instead.
Specifically, I’ll hide away in the Upper Stratum, wait for my chance, and
destroy them one by one.
It’s guerrilla warfare!
I guess it’s possible that there’s more than one of those awful puppet
spiders, but as long as I make sure to teleport away the second things get
dicey, I’m hoping that I’ll manage somehow.
In the end, I’m really just buying time with half-hearted attacks until my
Parallel Minds can beat Mother.
I’m counting on you, Parallel Minds.
I’d better flee from the Middle Stratum now that danger is approaching.
Yep. She’s still pretty far away, but Mother has entered the Middle
Stratum.
That means I can’t stay here any longer.
Otherwise, I would’ve just hidden in the Middle Stratum for as long as it
took. But Mother won’t let me get away with that.
She’s like a devoted mom, really, forcing her shut-in daughter to get out
of the house.
All right, all right, Mother.
I’ll go out for a little bit.
Now I’m up in the Upper Stratum.
Hey, US. It’s been a while.
Is it me, or has this place changed a bit since the last time I was here?
Specifically, the huge number of spider monsters crawling all over the
place.
Mother must have laid eggs up here.
She has an Egg-Laying skill, which does exactly what it sounds like it
would do.
She can produce children all by herself, with monogenetic reproduction.
I’m sure that’s how I was born, too.
Normally, these baby spiders would go around eating one another or

--- PAGE BREAK ---

getting eaten by other monsters. This time, however, Mother’s control has
united all of them to chase after me.
She probably doesn’t expect them to be able to kill me, but she can use
them to figure out where I’ve appeared.
I might as well take her up on that.
You really think you can catch up with me when I can use Teleport?
Let the spider hunt begin!
I’m not afraid of some puny newborn lesser taratects!
In fact, they’ll probably die on their own even if I don’t do anything.
They’re ridiculously weak, just like I used to be.
Way too weak!
So weak that…I almost feel kinda bad.
I don’t know how many of them are born in a single round of egg laying,
but how many could possibly survive long enough to evolve? One or two?
Maybe even none at all?
That means my odds of survival were probably less than 1 percent, and
somehow I still made it.
That said, since I got a reincarnation bonus in the form of the Skanda
skill, I don’t think it’s really the same.
Wow. Thinking about how hard I struggled back then is making me sorta
sad. It’s enough to make me feel a bit of sympathy for my little brothers and
sisters or whatever.
But oh well, that’s survival of the fittest for you. Better shake it off and
get slaughtering.
Huh? Cruel?
Come on, I don’t have any other choice.
As I dispose of the small lesser taratects in huge swaths, some adult
taratects hear the commotion and come running.
I finish them off with equal ease.
Sure, an adult taratect gets a big jump in stats, but that’s nothing to me
now.
Only a greater class or above can compete with me at this point.
Even then, a greater wouldn’t beat me unless some kind of miracle
occurred.
Sure, I was shocked when I first saw a greater taratect in the Lower
Stratum, but now the only thing that’s shocking is how much stronger I am

--- PAGE BREAK ---

than them, if I do say so myself.
Continuing the massacre as I reflect on these thoughts, my Detection
warns me of something rapidly approaching.
It’s moving at a very high speed and seems to be about the size of a
human.
No doubt about it. It’s the puppet spider.
The second I sense this, I flee in the opposite direction while whipping up
a Teleport rune.
Then I teleport away before it can catch up to me.
The scenery around me warps, and now I’m outside, where Mother almost
killed me.
If I just stay in the labyrinth, I’ll probably run out of places to hide
eventually. I might as well take this chance to expand my range outside a
little, which has the added bonus of increasing my number of potential
teleport spots.
I wander around outside for a while as I wait for things to cool down in
the labyrinth.
Then, after a day or so, I teleport back into the Upper Stratum and get
back to spider hunting.
Rinse and repeat.
After several days of this routine, my spider hunt is coming along nicely.
I’ve bagged one arch and six greaters and racked up countless other, lesser
kills in the process.
I’m particularly proud that I was able to beat even one arch.
I might talk big, but archs are still a pretty powerful enemy.
I can manage a single one well enough, but if there’re two or more, my
chances of winning drop like a stone.
I don’t know how many other archs there are altogether, but being able to
take even one out of the equation is a pretty big deal.
Also, judging by the way the puppet spider keeps coming after me, I’m
pretty sure there’s only one.
It seems to be the same individual every time, and I’m sure Mother
wouldn’t hold back in this situation, so that makes me think that it’s probably
the only one she has.
Of course, even that could be one of Mother’s tricks. It’s possible that a
second one will appear when I least expect it or something.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

If that happens, well, I guess I’ll just accept defeat.
I mean, I don’t think she’d be able to make a second one appear with such
perfect timing, nor do I think a second one exists in the first place.
But even with just the one, all I can do right now is run away from it.
Sure, my levels have gone up a few times during my spider hunt, but
that’s not enough to close the huge gap between our stats.
Maybe if I beat Mother, it’ll give up on trying to chase me around, but I
probably shouldn’t bank on that.
If anything, it might get extra vengeful if I beat her, and it’d come after
me twice as hard.
If that happens, I’ll have to deal with it somehow, but nothing comes to
mind at the moment.
For the time being, I guess I just have to keep avoiding Mother and the
puppet spider and keep reducing the rest of her ranks.
So that’s the latest in the labyrinth. Meanwhile, outside, I’ve arrived at the
ocean.
I’m traveling next to it right now, though I’ve yet to come across any
human villages or anything.
I’m guessing I’ll find some kind of port or fishing village eventually if I
keep traveling along the beach, but I’m not sure what to do if that happens.
I guess I’ll probably just avoid it and keep moving.
Also, I still can’t get in contact with my Parallel Minds.
But I can still feel the connection, so I don’t think they’ve been done in or
anything.
I just have to believe that they’re hard at work over there.
If they can defeat Mother, my situation will improve considerably.
Until then, I just have to keep whittling away at her forces and make sure
I don’t get killed.
If I keep buying time like this, I’m sure I’ll beat Mother eventually.
For now, everything’s going according to plan.
Yep, things are looking up.
Even if worse comes to worst, I still have my insurance in the form of
Immortality.
I was careless.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

At the time, I thought I was staying on guard, but now I think I should’ve
been more vigilant.
Back then, I had no idea.
When D mentioned defeating “her,” I just assumed that was referring to
Mother.
I never even imagined that it was someone else entirely, and that she was
already hot on my trail.