 MATRICIDE
Things are going great right now!
Bwa-ha-ha!
Ever since I wiped out all those puppet spiders at once, I haven’t been
able to stop smiling.
After that, I succeeded in destroying another one, too.
The Demon Lord found out very quickly about the six puppet spiders I
killed and took countermeasures of her own.
She dispatched the last remaining puppet spider in the labyrinth to go on
the defensive.
I drowned that one, too, of course.
The Demon Lord must have told it how the other ones went down,
because it already had the Swim skill when I found it.
But that didn’t make much of a difference.
I blocked it off, filled the room with water, used Short-Range Teleport to
get out of the room, and waited.
And then, what do you know!
The small room caved in, and there you have it! One puppet spider, buried
alive!
I figured the same trick probably wouldn’t work twice. This time I made a
hasty exit so it would try to destroy the room and escape.
Once I wasn’t in the room anymore, there was no need for it to wait
around in the water.
It would naturally try to escape by breaking through the walls or ceiling of
the room.
But what it didn’t know was that I’d already done some deconstruction
work in the room to make sure it would collapse easily.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

There you have it, a lovely little room where rocks and dirt would fall
everywhere if you so much as poked the walls.
It was an easy job with a little Earth Magic tampering.
Then I just had to teleport the buried puppet spider away, dirt and all.
Right into the magma of the Middle Stratum, of course.
Man, it wasn’t easy. On top of the large amount of weight to teleport,
there was also the puppet spider’s magic resistance to deal with, meaning my
MP shot waaay down.
But since the puppet spider was damaged by the cave-in on top of being
encased in earth, I was able to finish the spell before it crawled out.
Ding! One magma-fied puppet spider, coming right up.
Just to be safe, I went to the Middle Stratum myself to make sure the
stupid doll was dead, and guess what? It had somehow made it out of the
magma alive!
I guess all the earth I teleported along with it actually ended up protecting
it a little.
Still, its whole body was charred, the thread inside had burned away, and
the mannequin shell had carbonized around it.
It probably would’ve died if I’d left it alone, but of course I had to finish it
off myself to get those tasty experience points.
That’s seven puppet spiders I’ve defeated now.
There are four left, but I’m starting to get the hang of beating them.
The Demon Lord seems to have caught on to this, too, though. She’s got
the last four traveling together now.
Taking on four of them at once definitely won’t be easy, so I’m avoiding
them for the time being.
But since they’re working in a group now, that means their search range
has narrowed considerably.
I’ve been avoiding them pretty easily and expanding my range outside
while I’m at it.
The Demon Lord is still hot on my trail, but as long as I keep tabs on her
and run away with Teleport, she’s not going to catch me unless something
goes terribly wrong.
I keep exploring outside to expand my Teleport options, then popping
back into the Great Elroe Labyrinth to do some spider hunting whenever the
Demon Lord gets too close.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

I can’t do anything about the insane powerhouse that is the Demon Lord
herself, but it’s her forces that are getting whittled away right now, not mine.
Teleport is so convenient it’s a little scary.
In fact, Spatial Magic and Dimensional Magic in general are pretty
broken.
It’s only thanks to them that I can keep hoodwinking the Demon Lord like
this.
Not to mention I used them to defeat the puppet spiders, too.
Meanwhile, Mother is running pretty low on soldiers.
She doesn’t have a single arch or greater taratect left to her name.
There are still a few regular adult taratects left, but those don’t even count
as a threat anymore.
The Demon Lord seems to have given up on stationing puppet spiders in
the labyrinth, meaning I’ve been able to rampage as much as I please.
As a result, Mother is the only real fighting force the Demon Lord has left
in the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
And even Mother is on thin ice.
I use Professor Wisdom’s marking feature to Appraise her from a
distance.
<Queen taratect
(Weakened) LV 89
Status: HP: 6,488/6,488 (MAX 24,557)
(green) +0 (details)
SP: 6,134/6,134 (MAX 23,097)
(yellow) (details)
Average Offensive Ability:
6,456 (MAX 24,439) (details)
Average Magical Ability: 5,872
(MAX 21977) (details)
Average Speed Ability: 6,433
(MAX 24,400) (details)
MP: 5,911/5,911 (MAX 22,301)
(blue) +0 (details)
: 6,134/6,134 (MAX 23,991)
(red) +0 (details)
Average Defensive Ability:
6,447 (MAX 24,286) (details)
Average Resistance Ability:
5,869 (MAX 21,946) (details)
  >
I’ll leave out the skills and all, but her stats have gone way down.
It’s all thanks to my Parallel Minds’ hard work.
Sure, her stats are still all around 6,000, but compared to the original

--- PAGE BREAK ---

numbers, that’s a huge step down.
They’re almost at a quarter of their original values by now.
I mean, 70 percent off? That’s like a store-closing-sale-level value right
there!
That giant beast has lower stats than the puppet spiders by now.
I, on the other hand, have been leveling up like crazy with all the fighting
I’ve been doing.
I’m now level 24.
That was really fast, considering how recently I evolved.
It’s probably because I’ve been beating super-strong monsters all over the
place, like arch taratects, greater taratects, and of course those puppet spiders.
And in the ocean, I beat a bunch of water wyrms and even water dragons.
It’s only natural that my EXP has gone up a ton.
If anything, it’s surprising that this impressive killing spree didn’t get me
any higher than 24.
It’s probably because it takes longer to level up after so many evolutions.
Anyway, with all that leveling up, my stats are now as good or better than
Mother’s current stats.
My magic attack and defense are more than 19,000.
Before you know it, I’ll break the 20,000 range.
In fact, my MP is already there.
The next-highest stat is speed at 13,000.
There’s another one that broke 10,000 and outclasses the puppet spiders
now.
Now if one chases me, I can run away on foot!
Oh, but my SP is a little low at 4,500. I’d probably lose if it came down to
a battle of endurance.
I guess Teleport is still the better option.
My HP is 7,500.
Physical attack and physical defense are at 5,000.
These physical stats and my SP are a little lower than Mother’s, but all my
other stats are higher than hers.
My magic-related stats in particular are almost three times higher than
hers.
Honestly, with my current stats, I think I could even beat a puppet spider
in a one-on-one, no-traps-allowed, totally fair fight.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Hey, doesn’t that mean I can beat Mother, since her stats are lower than a
puppet spider’s?
Yeah! Let’s go fight her right now!
Mother, I’m about to surpass you once and for all!
She’s currently located in the Bottom Stratum of the Great Elroe
Labyrinth.
I’ve never been there, so I’ll have to walk.
The giant pit where I had my epic showdown with Araba contains a shaft
that leads down to the Bottom Stratum.
I climb down that hole until I finally reach the deepest part of the whole
dungeon, the Bottom Stratum.
Unlike the other stratums, the Bottom Stratum is just one big space.
There are no paths, only a big dome-shaped area.
The ceiling is probably hundreds of feet high.
It’s so big that you can’t even see the end of it with the naked eye.
I could probably see it with Clairvoyance, but I’m not going to do that
right now.
Mother is standing calmly right before my eyes.
Seeing her up close and in person, I’m again reminded of how huge she is.
The first time I saw her was right after I was born.
At the time, all I could do in the face of her majestic appearance was
tremble in fear.
To be honest, I’m afraid even now.
Her size alone makes her very intimidating.
Now that’s a genuine giant monster.
Each of her eight enormous eyes looks as big as my whole body.
She is the absolute largest monster I’ve ever seen.
She could squash me just by stepping on me with those huge legs.
Yep. That’s a monstrosity, all right.
If she wasn’t in a weakened state, there’s no way I ever would have
challenged this thing to a fight.
Even now, I’m starting to think I might’ve jumped the gun a bit.
Her eight eyes glare right through me.
Eek?! Scaryyyy!
Come on, me! Don’t wimp out!
I’m the one with the higher stats now!

--- PAGE BREAK ---

There’s no way I can lose!
Mother takes one heavy step forward, then raises a huge front leg.
No fancy moves here. You couldn’t call this anything more than a stomp.
However, this is the super-giant Mother’s stomping we’re talking about.
The sheer force of her physical mass is coming down straight toward me.
Sure, her stats are lower.
But it’s not like she weighs any less because of it.
I can’t even imagine how many tons she weighs, but I know one thing: If
she tramples on me with all her weight, it’s not going to end well for me.
However, my speed is more than double hers now.
I can dodge this without a problem.
Or so I thought.
By the time I notice what’s happening, it’s already too late.
My legs won’t move.
Not because I’m frozen out of fear or anything.
They’re just stuck to the ground, totally immobilized.
As if my feet are attached to the floor somehow.
Startled, I look down.
Then I see it.
I’m not standing on the ground at all.
What I thought was the ground was actually thread, stretched all over a
portion of the floor.
A spider’s thread, the exact same color and texture as the ground.
None of my skills can change the color or texture of my thread.
However, Mother has a higher skill for that than I do.
Divine Thread Weaving.
The highest class of thread-related skills.
The most powerful skill a spider can have.
She covered the entire surface of the floor with thread woven into a cloth-
like shape, then used the Concealment skill to disguise the fact that it was
thread.
And as soon as I stepped on it, its adhesiveness activated.
It captured my legs, just like that.
Honestly, it’s no different from birdlime.
Such a simple trap, and I fell for it completely.
I can’t believe I was so careless.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

I should have known by now.
No matter how much stronger an enemy is, there are plenty of ways to
beat them if you catch them in a trap.
That’s how I’ve consistently beaten strong opponents until now.
But this time, I’m the one caught in the trap.
And although my opponent is in a weakened state, by all rights she’s
originally much stronger than I am.
No matter how much lower her stats are, her skills are still going strong.
I shouldn’t have taken my enemy so lightly.
She’s the reigning queen of spiders, who specialize in traps.
Her huge leg swings down toward me with a roaring sound.
I just barely manage to dodge it by cutting off my caught legs.
I don’t know if fighting thread with thread is the best idea, but I used
Cutting Thread to slice through my own legs and escape the trap.
However, while I avoided Mother’s attack, my self-injury reduced my HP
by a lot.
I quickly use Healing Magic on the middle joints where I cut off my legs.
Since I can’t land on the floor, I use Dimensional Maneuvering to run
through the air and put some distance between Mother and myself.
But as I try to do so, my body is pulled back toward her.
Mother has opened her huge mouth and is sucking in air.
The catfish in the Middle Stratum used this same technique.
I’m guessing she’s using the Satiation skill to inhale large amounts of air
and pull her opponent toward her.
When the catfish did it, I barely felt a pull at all.
But this time, my opponent is Mother, whose stats and size are beyond
comparison to the catfish.
I’m blown backward as if hit by a typhoon, raging winds dragging my
body toward Mother’s mouth.
Either her stomach or her fangs await me on the inside.
I activate Wind Magic to neutralize the suction, then use Repellent Evil
Eye on my own body to propel myself away from Mother.
I’m so busy resisting the pull that I have no time to heal my legs.
But as I desperately struggle against the gale-force winds, they suddenly
stop all at once.
Immediately, a chill runs through my body.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

I attempt to flee, making no effort to hide my fear.
Seconds later, something invisible shakes the entire room.
It’s the large amount of air that Mother just inhaled.
She used her Expel skill to fire it out in a ball.
It’s just air.
But it’s still too much.
The mass of compressed air rocks the Bottom Stratum with power equal
to the giant breath attack Mother did before, crashing through my body.
I managed to avoid taking a direct hit.
And yet, my body is racked with pain.
Just the shock wave was enough to cause a ton of damage.
Lowered stats or no, Mother is far more powerful than any monster I’ve
ever seen.
I manage to catch myself in midair to try to reposition myself.
But I don’t have time, because just then the floor comes flying up toward
me.
Or rather, the thread that’s been made to look like the floor.
It shoots right at me in hot pursuit.
I try to escape upward, only to be dumbfounded by what’s coming down
toward me.
The ceiling is falling.
Or rather, the thread that’s been made to look like the ceiling.
It wasn’t just the floor.
The floor, the walls, and the ceiling have all been covered in thread.
And now everything is closing in on me.
I’ve got nowhere to run.
The tidal wave of thread bears down on me, enveloping my body without
even giving me a chance to resist.
Since it’s completely wrapped around me now, I can’t cut off a limb and
escape this time.
To do that now, I’d have to cut up my whole body.
But if I don’t escape, I’m going to be crushed.
I have Immortality, so I won’t die, but if I get knocked out, the Demon
Lord will definitely catch up to me.
Then it’ll really be the end for me.
Even with Immortality, there are ways for her to deal with me for good.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

I try to calm my panicked feelings and think of a way out.
If I don’t hurry, Mother is going to trample me.
I use Black Magic to try to break through the thread, but it doesn’t work at
all.
This thread must be unbelievably tough to withstand my magic attack
power of 18,000 without so much as a scratch.
I realize now how terrifying it is to be on the receiving end of the thread
I’ve relied on all this time.
I try to teleport, but I’m too panicked to make the rune properly.
On top of that, since it’s a complicated spell, it takes a while to create the
rune.
I doubt Mother will spare me for even that short amount of time.
Abruptly, the magic construction I was working on dissipates.
Why?!
No, I can’t panic.
This is no time to hold anything back!
Rot Attack!
I apply Rot Attack to my scythe and cut up the thread.
Even Mother’s thread is weak to Rot, so I’m able to cut through it.
However, it’s like cutting through cloth with dull scissors.
I put all my strength into cutting through the thread with my scythe, then
into using Fire Magic to tear through the remaining thin, sticky layer.
Once I get my tattered body free from the restraints, I’m greeted by the
sight of Mother’s foot.
As it speeds closer, it fills my entire field of vision.
There’s no time to avoid it.
I think I hear some kind of sound, like a crunch or a snap or a splat.
Somehow I manage to get my head out intact, while the rest of my body is
crushed under Mother’s foot.
It’s the return of the decapitated spider head.
I use Telekinesis to float my head through the air.
But it’s difficult to control. I can’t move the way I want to.
I’ve been having a hard time activating my magic, too.
The reason for all this is Mother’s Dragon Barrier skill.
It’s a skill that produces a barrier with the same properties as Dragon
Scales and its related skills.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

In other words, it interferes with the construction of magic.
It’s basically like my kryptonite.
Normally, this skill would make a barrier around only the user’s
immediate vicinity, but she’s expanded its range to prevent me from invoking
magic.
Even with Height of Occultism, I can’t use complicated spells in this
condition.
Which means I can’t use Teleport.
I can’t escape.
I’ve got nothing but a head left.
My magic is being partially blocked.
I’m doomed.
No matter what I do, I can’t see any way out of this situation.
The tidal wave of thread bears down on me again.
Mother starts charging up her breath to finish me off.
If I get killed now, temporary or not, I’ll never wake up again.
Unbelievable.
This is what I get for naively thinking I could win this fight without any
preparation just because my stats are higher.
After all the times I’ve trapped and defeated others, now I’m the one
caught in a trap.
I guess this is karmic retribution.
My punishment for getting carried away.
My life flashes before my eyes.
When I was born as a spider, I ran away from Mother and my siblings’
bloodbath.
I made a home, only to have to run away when humans burned it down.
The humans chased me until I fell into the Lower Stratum.
And then I ran away again, this time from Araba.
I ran away from the terror of the Lower Stratum by escaping into the
Middle Stratum.
Once I got back to the Upper Stratum, I was thrilled to finally not have to
run away all the time.
But once I got outside, my life consisted of running away from Mother
and the Demon Lord.
Ha-ha. In retrospect, most of my life as a spider consisted of running away

--- PAGE BREAK ---

from things.
I didn’t want to run away. I wanted more than anything to get strong
enough that I wouldn’t have to do that anymore.
But despite my hopes, I still spent my whole life on the run.
Yet in the end, I’m going to die because I walked right into a trap.
It’s so stupid I could almost laugh.
I’ve got nothing to be proud of.
I’m nothing like Araba, which died satisfied, knowing it’d done
everything it could.
I wanted to keep living.
I didn’t want to die.
So I kept running away from anything that could kill me.
I stood my ground only when I had nowhere else to run or when I knew I
stood a chance of winning.
I never knowingly went into a truly hopeless battle of my own free will.
I was always on the defensive, never starting a fight I knew I couldn’t
win.
Even when I fought Araba, I made careful preparations and challenged it
only when I was confident I could win.
But I neglected those preparations this time.
And Mother was even more determined than I expected.
I figured the Demon Lord was at least as intelligent as a human, since she
used spoken language. I should’ve guessed that her subordinate Mother
would be fairly smart, too, especially considering what I’ve seen her do so
far.
And yet, I was convinced that I could beat her, just because my stats were
higher.
That was my fatal mistake.
And Mother didn’t miss that chance, even though her very soul was being
devoured, which she’d surely never experienced before.
I have no doubt that having your spirit get devoured is more terrifying
than I can imagine.
But Mother didn’t give up, even with her power disappearing by the
second. She kept struggling, clawing for victory until it finally came into her
grasp.
Come to think of it, that’s the same way I won when I was backed into a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

corner all those times.
I never expected us to have something like that in common.
If it wasn’t for the fact that I’m her current victim, I’d probably be like,
You go, Mom!
But this is it for me.
After all that running away, I’m going to die in the stupidest, most
anticlimactic way possible.
I can’t turn things around now.
But I’m not gonna go down that easily!
You’d better believe I’ll keep fighting until my very last breath!
At the very least, I’ll make sure Mother always remembers me as a
powerful foe who kept her on her toes till the end!
If she does, then it’ll seem like my life had a little bit of meaning.
Now, time to struggle in vain for all I’m worth…!
I like that attitude!
Suddenly, a voice rings out in my head.
It’s one of my Parallel Minds, who’ve been fighting a spiritual battle with
Mother this whole time.
She must have noticed that I was in a pinch and returned to this body to
help out.
But just having one Parallel Mind come back won’t be enough to make
any difference…
At that moment, an incredible amount of power surges through me.
Wh-whaaaa…?!
What just happened?!
Well, where do you think all of Mother’s lost stats went?
My prodigal Parallel Mind, the former magic brain number one, sounds
decidedly pleased with herself.
If she had a face, I’m sure it’d be wearing a smug grin right about now.
Heh-heh-heh. During the fight with Mother’s spirit body, we started
eating it. A spirit body is really just a soul. And stats and skills are the soul’s
power, right? It only makes sense that eating her soul would give us the
power she’s lost, y’know?

--- PAGE BREAK ---

So you mean that for every bit Mother’s stats went down, my stats went
up?
Eeexactly!
Former magic brain number one sounds gleeful.
At the same moment, all the other Parallel Minds that were fighting
Mother come back to me, too.
And as a result, my stats rise up unbelievably high.
Now, time for our counterattack!
On magic brain’s command, all the Parallel Minds start building magic
together.
The resulting spells completely defy Mother’s Dragon Barrier, tearing
through the approaching tidal wave of thread like it’s made of paper.
Then Mother’s breath attack is met head-on by a breath of my own, which
pushes it back and blows her away.
Even I’m stunned by my own power.
Multiple Healing Magic spells kick in at the same time, growing back my
lost limbs in little more than an instant.
Still half in shock, I take a fresh look at my stats.
<Zana Horowa LV 24 Nameless
Status: HP: 21,622/21,622 (green) +0
(details)
SP: 17,097/17,097 (yellow)
(details)
Average Offensive Ability:
21,153 (details)
Average Magical Ability:
28,280 (details)
Average Speed Ability: 25,021
(details)
MP: 29,618/29,618 (blue) +0
(details)
: 4,111/17,097 (red) +0
(details)
Average Defensive Ability:
21,104 (details)
Average Resistance Ability:
28,107 (details)
Skills:    
[HP Ultra-Fast
Recovery LV 6]
[Height of Occultism] [Magic Divinity LV 7] [Magic Power
Conferment LV 10]
[Magic Conferment LV
2]
[Magic Power Super-Attack
LV 2]
[SP Rapid Recovery
LV 10]
[SP Minimized
Consumption LV 10]
[Destruction Super-
Enhancement LV 6]
[Cutting Super-
Enhancement LV 7]
[Piercing Super-
Enhancement LV 4]
[Piercing Super-
Enhancement LV 6]

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[Impact Super-
Enhancement LV 6]
[Status Condition Super-
Enhancement LV 10]
[Battle Divinity LV
10]
[Energy Conferment
LV 10]
[Ability Conferment LV
7]
[Energy Super-Attack LV
4]
[Divine Dragon Power
LV 7]
[Dragon Barrier LV 2]
[Deadly Poison Attack
LV 10]
[Enhanced Paralysis Attack
LV 10]
[Rot Attack LV 6] [Heretic Attack LV 8]
[Poison Synthesis LV
10]
[Medicine Synthesis LV 10] [Thread Genius LV
10]
[Divine Thread
Weaving]
[Thread Control LV 10] [Psychokinesis LV 7] [Throw LV 10] [Expel LV 10]
[Dimensional
Maneuvering LV 10]
[Swim LV 2] [Kin Control LV 10] [Egg-Laying LV 10]
[Concentration LV 10] [Thought Super-
Acceleration LV 3]
[Future Sight LV 3] [Parallel Thinking LV
9]
[High-Speed Processing
LV 10]
[Hit LV 10] [Evasion LV 10] [Probability Super-
Correction LV 10]
[Stealth LV 10] [Concealment LV 2] [Silence LV 10] [Odorless LV 3]
[Emperor] [Conviction] [Hades] [Corruption]
[Immortality] [Heresy Magic LV 10] [Wind Magic LV 10] [Gale Magic LV 1]
[Earth Magic LV 10] [Terrain Magic LV 3] [Shadow Magic LV
10]
[Dark Magic LV 10]
[Black Magic LV 7] [Poison Magic LV 10] [Healing Magic LV
10]
[Spatial Magic LV 10]
[Dimensional Magic LV
7]
[Abyss Magic LV 10] [Demon Lord LV 8] [Perseverance]
[Pride] [Rage] [Usurp] [Gluttony]
[Sloth] [Wisdom] [Destruction Super-
Resistance LV 5]
[Impact Nullification]
[Cutting Super-
Resistance LV 5]
[Piercing Super-Resistance
LV 5]
[Shock Super-
Resistance LV 5]
[Flame Resistance LV
8]
[Flood Resistance LV
1]
[Gale Resistance LV 4] [Terrain Resistance
LV 5]
[Bolt Resistance LV 1]
[Holy Light Resistance
LV 9]
[Dark Resistance LV 6] [Heavy Super-
Resistance LV 4]
[Status Condition
Nullification]
[Acid Super-Resistance
LV 7]
[Rot Super-Resistance LV
5]
[Faint Resistance LV
8]
[Fear Super-Resistance
LV 2]
[Heresy Nullification] [Pain Nullification] [Suffering [Night Vision LV 10]

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Nullification]
[Long-Distance Vision
LV 1]
[Jinx Evil Eye LV 8] [Inert Evil Eye LV 7] [Repellent Evil Eye
LV 5]
[Annihilating Evil Eye
LV 5]
[Five Senses Super-
Enhancement LV 10]
[Perception Expansion
LV 8]
[Divinity Expansion
LV 9]
[Celestial Power] [Ultimate Life LV 10] [Ultimate Movement
LV 10]
[Fortune LV 10]
[Fortitude LV 10] [Stronghold LV 10] [Skanda LV 10] [Taboo LV 10]
[n% I = W]
Skill Points: 164,500
Titles:
[Foul Feeder] [Kin Eater] [Assassin] [Monster Slayer]
[Poison Technique
User]
[Thread User] [Merciless] [Monster Slaughterer]
[Ruler of Pride] [Ruler of Perseverance] [Ruler of Wisdom] [Wyrm Slayer]
[Fearbringer] [Dragon Slayer] [Ruler of Sloth] [Monster Calamity]
[Champion]
>
W…h…a…t?
Something’s wrong with my stats.
Sure, they were starting to get a little high to match the power creep that’s
been going on with my enemies lately, but they weren’t anywhere near this.
On top of that, I got some weird skills, and they’ve all gone up a bunch of
levels and stuff.
I definitely never had Dragon Barrier, Divine Thread Weaving, Egg-
Laying, or anything like that. Did I copy them from Mother somehow?
A bunch of my skills even got maxed out.
Just when I was almost done for, I’ve suddenly gotten a huge power-up.
I thought that only happened to shonen manga protagonists?
Does that mean I’m a protagonist now, too?
Hey, I know you’re confused and all, but we should probably finish

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Mother off now.
Former magic brain number one brings me back to reality, so I look to
where Mother landed.
There, I see that she’s been heavily damaged by my breath attack.
She’s trying to get to her feet, but her legs can’t seem to support her huge
weight anymore.
It looks like she can’t even stand up now.
She was such an overwhelming force, and now she’s lying frailly on the
ground.
A wounded mother whose own child stole her power away.
Of course, it’s not as if I actually have a motherly image of her at all.
I’ve been calling her Mother this entire time, but I don’t think of her as
my parent.
All I associate with her is the fear I felt the first time I saw her.
Maybe I’m just a bad daughter, like I was in my previous life.
That reminds me, I wonder how my parents from my old world are doing?
The fact that I can’t even remember their faces anymore probably reflects
poorly on me.
I’m sure even detached parents like mine would think so.
Well, I should probably say a few words for my parent in this life, at least.
Mother, you were amazing.
Your stats were impressive, of course, but what’s really amazing is how
you were able to corner me in your weakened state.
I’ll never again let my guard down because an opponent seems weaker
than I am. It’ll be your first and last lesson to me, Mother.
Good-bye.
My Parallel Minds unleash their magic in unison.
Thus, the most powerful creature in the Great Elroe Labyrinth breathes
her last.
I successfully overthrew Mother.
Consequently, the Parallel Minds that were fighting her soul have come
back to me.
At the same time, Mother’s control over me vanishes completely, and the

--- PAGE BREAK ---

faint connection I felt before disappears.
In other words, there’s no longer anyone trying to control me, and my link
to the network of spider souls that centered around Mother is gone.
The Demon Lord was the real origin of this network, but since I was on
the fringes, connecting to her via Mother, that means I’m cut off from the
Demon Lord now.
The problem is, that means I can’t attack her soul with my Parallel Minds
like I did with Mother.
Without a connection, I can’t send Parallel Minds over to her.
Even with my stats and skills raised by absorbing Mother’s power, I’m
still far from approaching the Demon Lord’s level.
I mean, her stats averaged around 90,000.
Sure, I got a lot stronger just now, but I’m nowhere near closing that gap.
And that’s definitely not the kind of difference I can make up for with any
amount of traps.
I don’t know what the Demon Lord is going to do now that I’ve defeated
Mother and so many of her other minions.
If she’s going to keep coming after me, I’ll have to fight her eventually.
To be honest, I’d rather not fight that monstrosity. I kinda wish she’d just
leave me alone…
As I mull all this over, former magic brain number one speaks up.
Hey, main body, you got a sec?
Yeah, what’s up?
C’mon. You haven’t noticed yet?
Hmm?
After thinking for a moment, it occurs to me.
The number of Parallel Minds that came back doesn’t add up.
There’s one missing.
See, former body brain kinda, uh…headed out.
Out? To where?
Over to the Demon Lord.
Come again?
I mean, when we still had the connection between Mother and the
Demon Lord, body brain decided to use it to go attack her.
Say what?!
Wait, but isn’t my connection to the Demon Lord gone now?

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Huh? Is former body brain gonna be able to come back?
Beats me.
Um, I’m pretty sure she can’t, right?
’Cause, like, the connection is gone now.
Yeah, I guess.
…Farewell, former body brain.
I’ll never forget you.
Looks like I’m down one Parallel Mind.
Thanks to Heresy Nullification, I don’t think former body brain will be
destroyed.
But I don’t think there’s any way to get her back now that she’s attached
to the Demon Lord and cut off from me, either.
Or whether that’ll ever be possible.
I guess maybe she might come back if I defeat the Demon Lord, but I
wouldn’t hold my breath.
Because I don’t think I’ll ever be able to do that.
Sorry, former body brain, but when it comes to the Demon Lord, I’m
sticking to the tried-and-true strategy of running like hell.
Now that I’ve absorbed all that power from Mother, I could even defeat a
puppet spider in a fair fight, no problem. As long as I’m careful about the
Demon Lord, I think I’ll be just fine.
But don’t worry—I’m not gonna let my guard down again.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

