AFTERWORD
To readers old and new, hello! I’m Okina Baba.
Although I doubt there are any newcomers picking up the fourth volume.
That’d be like starting with the hardest member of the Elite Four, y’know?
Stop that! Put this down and start with the weakest member, aka Volume
1!
This is an ongoing series, so you’re not going to understand if you start
with Volume 4!
The main topic of this volume is Mother, whose presence has been lurking
since all the way back in Volume 1.
Are there any other novels where the first illustration is not the
protagonist but the protagonist’s giant mother?
No, probably not!
Normally, the first illustration would be either the hero or a cute heroine,
but instead, boom! Giant spider!
And when she reappeared in Volume 3, she once again stole the spotlight
in the very first illustration.
Yes, Mother is the prima donna who took over not one but two major
illustrations in the past.
Don’t give up, protagonist!
You’re still winning in terms of total number of illustrations, protagonist!
There’s a high percentage of illustrations that don’t feature humans, but I
guess that’s inevitable given the nature of the story.
I mean, every one of the first three volumes featured nonhuman characters
across the board.
Well, the protagonist’s not human, so that’s how the cookie crumbles!
I’m so impressed with Tsukasa Kiryu for dealing with all that. Don’t
worry—there are plenty of humans in Volume 4!

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This time around, the book features a story that wasn’t in the web version.
The amount of new material I write for each volume has only gone up
since Volume 1, and now I’ve finally reached the point where 90 percent of
the book is brand new.
If I keep this up, Volume 5 and onward will all be 100 percent new
material!
Unforgivable! That will never pass muster!
Speaking of new material, I also wrote a new short story.
Kadokawa Books is conducting a survey to commemorate its first
anniversary, and it’s set up that if you fill out the survey
(http://kadokawabooks.jp), you can read the short story.
Please participate if you’d like to read it.
Now on to the thank-yous.
To Tsukasa Kiryu, who always draws the most incredible illustrations for
this humble nonhuman-character-filled series.
To Asahiro Kakashi, who also does an amazing job of drawing all those
nonhuman characters in the manga adaptation.
To my editor K and everyone else who was involved in bringing this book
into the world.
And to everyone who has picked up this book.
Thank you all very much.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Thank you for buying this ebook, published by Yen On.
To get news about the latest manga, graphic novels, and light novels from
Yen Press, along with special offers and exclusive content, sign up for the
Yen Press newsletter.
Sign Up
Or visit us at www.yenpress.com/booklink