 FIRST ENCOUNTER
After defeating Mother, I’ve been wandering around outside while avoiding
the Demon Lord.
I’ve eliminated most of Mother’s spider army in the Great Elroe
Labyrinth.
All that remains now is the Demon Lord and her four puppet spiders.
She seems to have judged it too dangerous to let the puppet spiders act on
their own. Instead she’s keeping them with her.
Thanks to that, she has to match her speed to the puppet spiders’, making
it harder for her to catch up to me.
In fact, it seems like I’ve lost her.
I’ve expanded my range wide enough that there’s not much she can do.
I keep moving farther and farther away from the Demon Lord.
And now I’ve started traveling on a main road.
I’ve been avoiding any human roads, villages, towns, and the like to try to
keep from being spotted, but there must be a city close by or something.
There are so many roads around now that I can’t avoid them anymore.
I’m just traveling along one of the roads while trying to keep away from
human eyes.
If I keep traveling this way, I feel like I’m gonna run into a big town or
something, but my only other option is to travel in the direction of the Demon
Lord.
And that’s no good.
My only choice is to resign myself to the possibility of being spotted in
order to keep traveling farther away from the Demon Lord.
Luckily, there hasn’t been much traffic, letting me travel without being
seen by humans for a while, but it looks like I’ve hit the limit on that.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

There’s a carriage up ahead.
I’ve finally crossed paths with some humans. Unfortunately.
Also, not that this matters, but regular old horses are drawing along the
carriage.
Since this is a fantasy world and all, I wouldn’t have been surprised to see
wyrms or something, but this is so ordinary that it’s almost a letdown.
Anyway, as I peek curiously at the carriage, I notice that something seems
off.
Hmm? Hmmmm?
What are you guys up to?
Oh, I see.
A robbery.
They’re being attacked, huh?
I knew I’d run into humans sooner or later, but I never would’ve guessed
that my first encounter would be the scene of a fight with some robbers.
Some escort-looking people are fighting the robber-looking guys.
There are four escorts and six robbers.
Hmm. In my opinion, both sides seem to be evenly matched, but if we’re
going strictly off numbers, then the robbers have the advantage.
Oh, one of the guards went down.
What’s my play here?
I don’t really wanna get involved.
I’m trying to avoid being seen, especially if I want to keep off the Demon
Lord’s radar.
Still, if I just ignore people being attacked right before my eyes, I’m
gonna feel bad about it later.
I’m not trying to be an ally of justice or whatever; it’s just a matter of not
ruining my mood.
I guess maybe I still have a little bit of my basic moral compass from my
previous life.
At the same time, though, my heart says the whole thing seems like a
pain.
Like, why should I have to save some stupid humans anyway?
Not to mention, even if I save them, I’m still technically a monster.
What if I rescue them and they turn around and try to attack me?
I mean, I’m not gonna let it slide if they pull something like that, but I’m

--- PAGE BREAK ---

pretty sure that would defeat the purpose of rescuing them in the first place.
Maybe I should just wait till all the carriage people get killed and then go
in and kill the thieves?
Like, I’m definitely gonna kill those guys either way.
Humans give a ton of EXP, after all.
I don’t wanna go around massacring civilians or anything, but it’d be a
waste to ignore people like robbers who I can totally get away with killing,
right?
I get lots of EXP. I’m more than happy.
Civilians don’t have to deal with the robbers anymore. Now they’re
happy.
See? Aside from the robbers getting killed, everybody’s happy.
Those robbers are definitely going down.
And then down the hatch and into my belly.
When I ate those bastard knights who burned my home in the labyrinth, I
discovered that humans taste different depending on the individual.
Maybe it was just my imagination, but the better-looking ones seemed to
taste better, too.
These butt-ugly robbers probably won’t taste great, but they’ll still fill my
belly one way or another.
Now it’s just a matter of whether to rescue the people in the carriage or
not.
I mean, I dunno.
Is it just me, or is there no advantage at all to helping them?
In fact, there are tons of disadvantages.
If I don’t help them, the advantage is that there won’t be any eyewitnesses
to my existence, plus I’ll get more food.
The disadvantage is that I’m probably gonna feel bad about it.
Hmm, hmm, hmm.
Ugh…
Fiiiine.
I don’t really feel like it, but I guess I’ll help them.
Objectively, it’d be more advantageous not to help them, but I gotta
follow my heart at times like these.
It’d be annoying to regret it later anyway.
Here we go.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

The robbers are so focused on their battle with the guards that they don’t
even notice my approach.
Works for me.
The big guy in the middle is probably their leader, I guess.
His stats are the highest, anyway.
I zip around behind him, then stab his wide-open back with one of my
scythes.
The scythe runs through his body, skewering his heart.
Oh, and of course I had my deadly poison on it, too. He definitely died
instantly.
When I pull the scythe back out, the robber’s body crumples to the
ground.
The other two are too stunned to figure out what’s happening, so I whip
my scythes to either side.
Boom, sliced ’em both in two.
Now only half the robbers are left.
I use Earth Magic to shoot one of the three right in the head.
Y’know, I think I’m pretty well suited to Earth Magic.
I’ve gotten way better at it than Wind Magic, which I picked up at about
the same time.
Anyway, four down, two to go.
One of the men tries to run.
Tough luck, pal.
I’ve already got you tied up in my thread.
With the last two thieves immobilized, I turn my Evil Eyes on them.
Their HP, MP, and SP get sucked away in seconds, and down they go.
That’s a wrap, people.
If I were a prince or a knight or whatever, this is the part where I’d go,
Are you hurt, milady? and the young lady inside the carriage would be all,
Oh, I’m so lucky you just happened to be there when those awful men
attacked me! and so on and so forth.
Ew. Gag.
White knights are the worst.
Ugh. All right, enough going off on tangents.
I beat the thieves.
I rescued the carriage.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

The guards are pointing their swords at me.
And here we are.
Well, well.
I knew it.
I knew this would happen.
If anything, I guess I’m glad they didn’t just attack me right away.
It’s not that they’re just too scared of me to move.
I’m sure they’re really nice people, so they’re very suspicious but
reluctant to attack someone who just saved their lives.
Like I said. It’s not ’cause they’re too scared of me to move.
It’s not, okay?
Hmm?
Well, look at that. The first guy who went down is actually still alive.
Ugh, since I’m in it this far, I guess I might as well help him, too.
I approach the fallen human.
As soon as I move even a little, the other guards make a big deal of
backing far away.
…I’m just gonna pretend I didn’t notice that.
Activate Healing Magic.
The collapsed guard’s wounds heal up in an instant.
Okay. With that, he’s probably not gonna die.
Actually, now that I look at him, this guy’s dressed more like a butler than
a guard.
You were trying to protect your master even though you’re not trained for
combat?
Aw, how nice.
Aside from the guards, the lady watching nervously from inside the
carriage looks pretty surprised, too.
Considering that a monster just rescued her from thieves and is now using
Healing Magic on one of her entourage, I guess that’s a reasonable reaction.
Whew. All right, I’m done here.
I guess I’ll just make a super-cool exit, since it’d be awkward to gather up
the robbers’ bodies in front of everyone.
Wait, the lady is bustling out of the carriage now.
Her guards all protest, holding her back.
But I don’t care about that anymore.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

My eyes are fixed on what the lady is holding in her arms.
<Human vampire LV 1 Name: Sophia Keren
Status: HP: 11/11 (green) (details)
SP: 12/12 (yellow) (details)
Average Offensive Ability: 9
(details)
Average Magical Ability: 32
(details)
Average Speed Ability: 8
(details)
MP: 35/35 (blue) (details)
: 12/12 (red) (details)
Average Defensive Ability: 8
(details)
Average Resistance Ability: 33
(details)
Skills:
[Vampire LV 1] [Immortality LV 1] [HP Auto-Recovery LV
1]
[Magic Power
Perception LV 3]
[Magic Power
Operation LV 3]
[Night Vision LV 1] [Five Senses
Enhancement LV 1]
[n% I = W]
Skill Points: 75,000
Titles:
[Vampire] [Progenitor]   
   >
The lady is cradling a baby.
And its Appraisal results are something else.
I mean…could I be wrong?
There’s so much going on here that I don’t know where to start, y’know?
I mean, she’s a vampire, she’s got a ton of skill points, and she’s got a
second name kinda displayed under the first one…
Ahh, I get it.
Is this baby what I think it is?
I mean, come on. I knew the moment a super-Japanese name like Shouko
Negishi popped up in her Appraisal results.
This child is a reincarnation, just like me.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

That was the day I first met a fellow reincarnation in this world.

--- PAGE BREAK ---



--- PAGE BREAK ---

TIMELINE KINGDOM HISTORY
Year 798 Ronandt becomes the youngest head court mage of the Renxandt Empire in
history.
Year 801 Meicis the hero is killed in battle at Fort Kusorion.
Darresmeig is appointed as the new hero.
Year 803 Darresmeig the hero defeats Demon Lord Atomos.
Year 804 Darresmeig the hero disappears.
Year 807 Sword-King Leigar abdicates the throne of the Renxandt Empire and
disappears.
Largis becomes the new sword-king. Ronandt becomes his adviser.
Year 829 Sirius becomes king of Analeit Kingdom.
Year 832 The first prince of Analeit Kingdom, Cylis, is born to the true queen.
Year 833 The first princess of Analeit Kingdom, Leiresia, is born to the king’s first
concubine.
Year 834 The second prince of Analeit Kingdom, Julius, is born to the king’s third
concubine.
Year 837 The third prince of Analeit Kingdom, Leston, is born to the king’s second
concubine.
Year 840 The second prince, Julius, becomes the hero.
The previous hero, Darresmeig, is thus assumed dead.
An unusual young taratect individual is sighted in the Great Elroe Labyrinth. A
wyrm egg and spider thread are collected from its nest and presented to the
royal family.
Increase in demon activity.
Year 841 The fourth prince of Analeit Kingdom, Schlain, is born to the king’s third
concubine.
The second princess of Analeit Kingdom, Suresia, is born to the true queen.
The first child of Duke Anabald, Karnatia, is born.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

The first prince of the Renxandt Empire, Hugo, is born.
The king’s third concubine passes away.
The empire army, led by Ronandt, encounters the “Nightmare of the
Labyrinth” in the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
The Nightmare of the Labyrinth and a queen taratect emerge from the Great
Elroe Labyrinth.
Ronandt temporarily disappears.
Year 842 The Nightmare of the Labyrinth appears in Sariella.
The Sariella and Ohts regions go to war. The empire and the Followers of the
Word of God support Ohts.
Julius the hero battles the Nightmare of the Labyrinth and escapes with his
life thanks to Ronandt’s rescue.
Julius the hero temporarily becomes Ronandt’s pupil.
Kidnapping and slave trading occur successively in various locations.
Year 843 The Nightmare’s Vestiges are identified in the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
Year 844 The first princess, Leiresia, marries the first prince of the Teresent Kingdom
and studies abroad there.
Year 845 The Sword Demon appears in the empire.
Ronandt successfully drives the Sword Demon away.
Year 846 The Word of God religion exposes a large-scale human trafficking
organization.
As a result of this incident, Julius the hero adds Jeskan and Hawkin to his
party.
Year 847 Schlain, Suresia, and Karnatia undergo the Appraisal ceremony.
Year 848 Feirune hatches from the earth wyrm egg.
Year 850 Potimas, the chief of the elves, visits the kingdom as a friendship
ambassador.
Potimas’s daughter Filimøs studies abroad in the kingdom.
Julius the hero is caught in a demon trap and attacked but manages to
escape.
Year 851 Schlain, Suresia, Karnatia, and Filimøs enter the royal academy.
The empire prince Hugo and the future saint Yurin make contact with them.
Julius the hero defeats one Nightmare’s Vestige in the Great Elroe Labyrinth.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Prince Hugo attempts to assassinate Schlain.
An earth wyrm attacks the royal academy.
Year 856 The great human-demon war begins.
Julius the hero is killed in battle.
A coup d’état occurs in the Analeit Kingdom.
King Sirius passes away.
The fourth prince, Schlain, flees with fellow collaborator the third prince,
Leston.
The Word of God announces Prince Hugo of the Renxandt Empire as the
new hero.
At the same time, the second princess, Suresia, is announced as Hugo’s
fiancée.
The empire declares war on the elves for participating in the kingdom’s coup
d’état and begins raising an army.
The empire army and the Demon Lord’s army invade the elf village.