 DEMON LORD
A mysterious monster that revived itself even though I was sure I killed it.
The panic of being backed into a corner by a creature that should have
been much weaker than I am.
And then…
I awaken from my nap with a start.
Dozing off in a carriage as we march toward the elf village is a pretty nice
luxury, if I do say so myself.
Though it’s not exactly a typical carriage.
To be clear, I’m riding in a basket on the back of a giant spider.
My steed of choice is an arch taratect.
Riding around on a monster as powerful as a dragon is yet another perk of
being me.
Thanks to this thing, none of the soldiers try to approach me.
In fact, they couldn’t even if they tried.
Demons may have higher stats than humans, but they still know better
than to casually approach a dragon-class monster for no good reason.
I’m sure they wouldn’t want to even if they had one.
So I get to enjoy a comfortable journey without being bothered by the
outside world.
Little Miss White is in the carriage with me, but as long as I don’t speak
to her, she’s not going to say a word. It’s nice and quiet.
I peer at White’s face, directly across from me.
Her eyes are closed, and she’s sitting perfectly still.
Since she has her eyes closed most of the time, I can’t tell if she’s
sleeping or not.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

She could probably fall asleep standing up and no one would even notice,
I think absently.
She might look fragile, but she’s strong enough to kill a hero without
breaking a sweat. You can’t judge people by their appearances.
Well, I guess you could say the same thing about me.
I wonder if all these pointless thoughts mean I’m actually nervous for
once?
We’ve finally arrived, after all.
Looking out the window, I see a truly ridiculous amount of trees and
plants.
This is the Great Garam Forest, the home of the elves.
My army has been marching through it for a while.
Our goal, of course, is the elf village.
The imperial army has already arrived there.
They’re at a standstill right now because of the barrier that protects the
village, but soon that barrier will be gone.
And then the imperial army will attack the elf village.
After that, we can take our sweet time showing up.
Once the elves have lost their precious barrier and are flying into a panic
as the imperial army attacks them, we’ll slide in from the side and greet them
with a finishing blow.
As I imagine it, my lips automatically curl into a smile.
We’ve finally made it.
My longtime wish is going to be fulfilled.
My wish to exterminate the elves once and for all, that is.
Now I can get revenge on them for all the sneaking around they’ve been
doing behind the scenes since forever ago.
Once I had my watchful queen taratect help the imperial army’s advance,
I put her in position for a pincer attack on the elves.
Soon, they’ll taste the triple threat of the imperial army, the demon army,
and the queen taratect all at once.
What will their screaming and crying faces look like?
Just thinking about it gives me a thrill.
“I can’t wait.”
Without meaning to, I murmur my thoughts out loud.
Overhearing this, White turns toward me.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Her eyes are still closed, but I can tell she’s looking at me.
“You can rampage as much as you like this time, okay, White? I’ll
definitely be going all out!”
I know it’s childish to get excited, but I can’t help it.
“Demon Lord,” White says quietly.
She sounds a little worried, so I decide to reassure her.
“I told you—it’ll be fine. I’m not going to touch those reincarnations. My
only target is the elves, remember? I made sure all the soldiers know that,
too. Don’t worry, okay?”
My goal here is to wipe out the elves.
Honestly, I don’t care either way about the reincarnations.
From what I’ve heard, the reincarnation who’s the new hero and his
friends have shown up in the village, but they’re all just small fry as far as
I’m concerned.
If they get in my way, I’ll just knock them out without killing them, easy.
Their presence doesn’t change a thing.
The elf village is going to be destroyed no matter what those
reincarnations do.
And that’s a fact.
“Ahh, I can’t wait…”
Finally, I get to kill you.
Just you wait, Potimas Harrifenas.