 THE ADMINISTRATORS’
REINCARNATION ALLIES
“Hey.”
“Oh? Are you allowed to come over here?”
“As long as it’s not for too long.”
“I see. Well, what do you want?”
“How rude. I’m here to give you a message from your master, I’ll have
you know.”
“…And what is that message?”
“‘You’ll be punished later.’”
“…What is this about?”
“Beats me. Shouldn’t you know better than I would?”
“There are too many possibilities to choose from!”
“Maybe it’s because you laid a hand on Ms. Oka?”
“That was justified self-defense.”
“Oh yeah? I dunno how justified it was, if you ask me. But if you’re
gonna make excuses, tell it to your master, not me.”
“Master would never listen to my excuses.”
“True enough. Why don’t you just accept your punishment, then?”
“I don’t wanna!”
“Not sure if you have much of a choice.”
“La-la-la, I can’t heeear you!”
“Don’t be such a baby.”
“Oh, shut up, you. Anyway, make sure you don’t mess up taking down the
elf village, got it?”
“How could that possibly fail?”

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“I suppose you’re right, but still. Didn’t two particularly bothersome
reincarnations just join that little group?”
“Yeah. Tagawa and Kushitani.”
“And they were adventurers, were they not? I’d imagine they’re
somewhat strong.”
“Only somewhat, at best.”
“Well, I hope so, for your sake.”
“You saw for yourself, didn’t you, Sophia? Even the hero can’t come
anywhere near our level.”
“I suppose. But remember what Master said? Stats aren’t everything.”
“Right, right. No matter how much higher your stats are, that doesn’t
mean you can’t lose. I know, okay? I won’t let my guard down.”
“I hope not. I’m sure those elves are hiding something. You wouldn’t
wanna die because some stupid thing caught you off guard, would you?”
“’Course not. Oh yeah, speaking of the hero, I heard he and his little party
are in the elf village now.”
“Oh? I thought I made it quite clear to them last time that they can’t
possibly beat me.”
“They probably just figured they still can’t give up, right? That would be
so like Shun.”
“Hmmmm.”
“You don’t sound too interested.”
“That’s because I’m not.”
“Well, I’m pretty interested, personally.”
“What, because you were friends in our old lives?”
“Yeah. I can’t wait to see the look on Shun’s and Kanata’s faces when we
meet again.”
“Well, don’t let that nonsense distract you from our main order of
business, all right?”
“I know.”
“Good. I’m looking forward to it, then. I want to see you go on a real
rampage.”
“Don’t mind if I do.”
“Maybe I’ll even put in a serious effort for once.”
“Ooh, scary.”
“Either way, the elf village is going down whether we make an effort or

--- PAGE BREAK ---

not. Master is coming, after all.”