 REINCARNATIONS
“Sacrifice your skills! This is the path to salvation!”
As we head into town to buy food and supplies, a voice calls out to us.
“The people of Sariella worship the administrator Sariel as their god. It
would be best to avoid engaging with them unless absolutely necessary.”
I agree with Ms. Oka’s whispered advice.
The shouting man doesn’t seem sane.
If this is the work of a so-called administrator, it’s not exactly pleasant.
I still don’t entirely believe everything Ms. Oka told us.
But I have no evidence to disprove it.
Besides, if supernatural beings called administrators really do exist, it
would explain a lot about Sophia’s behavior.
Sophia used the word “Master.”
And it seemed like she was acting on orders from whoever that is.
They’d have to be insanely powerful for someone as strong as Sophia to
obey their orders.
It would make sense, then, if her “master” is essentially a god of this
world.
But if I couldn’t even defeat Sophia, how am I supposed to fight back
against something even stronger than she is?
If one of those things is among the forces that attack the elf village…
“What does ‘sacrifice your skills’ mean?”
Trying to drive away my invasive thoughts, I ask Ms. Oka a question.
“It is said to have two meanings. One is to use a skill called Skill
Elimination to delete your own skills.”
“Is that possible?”
“Quite so. Skill Elimination can be acquired without any skill points and

--- PAGE BREAK ---

deletes skills over the course of several days. Once it’s been activated, it
won’t stop until it’s deleted all of the user’s skills, so it can’t be used to
remove just certain targets. The deleted skills can’t be recovered, either.
Unless you train up and acquire them again, of course.”
“What’s the point of that, exactly?”
I don’t understand why a skill like that would exist.
There’s no benefit to losing your skills.
Even if you can get them back by training again, you won’t regain all the
time you spent on them before or the skill points you might have spent to get
them.
It’s like deliberately throwing your hard work down the drain.
“In other words, it transfers your power to the administrators.”
“Ah.”
So that’s it.
A way for humans to sacrifice their accumulated power to the
administrators.
That’s the purpose of Skill Elimination?
“Come to think of it, didn’t you delete Hugo’s skills once, Ms. Oka?”
“Yes, but that was a glitch of sorts, a secret method for deleting another
person’s skills by paying a high price. When I use it, I lose several of my own
skills, and I also fall into a deep sleep for several days afterward. In the
worst-case scenario, it could even kill both the target and the user, so I hope
never to use that technique again.”
“I had no idea…”
Thinking back, when the earth wyrm who was Fei’s parent attacked the
school, Ms. Oka didn’t participate in the battle.
Most likely, it wasn’t because she didn’t want to but because she couldn’t.
“At the time, I thought it was the best course of action. I truly believed
that if he lost all his skills, Hugo’s arrogance would stop growing out of
control. I know now that I should have helped him recover his humanity
afterward, but I failed to do that, and now this is the result. I’m a failure as a
teacher.”
“It wasn’t your fault.”
I know that isn’t much help, but it’s all I can say.
Hugo is the one to blame for his actions.
“Thank you. But I know now what I must do. As his teacher, it is my job

--- PAGE BREAK ---

to correct my former student who has strayed too far from his path.”
Our teacher’s eyes are full of bitter determination.
She intends to kill Hugo.
I have no response for that.
“So what was the second meaning?”
I change the subject.
Despite feeling pathetic for not being able to do anything more.
“I’m not entirely sure. Something about sacrificing skills to bring one
closer to godhood.”
“That certainly sounds very religious.”
“I agree.”
The priest continues to shout on the streets.
As a dark atmosphere settles over us, I can’t help wanting to get out of
here as soon as we can.
“Shun, could I speak with you for a moment?”
Just as it’s getting late enough to start preparing for bed, Katia comes to
visit my room with Fei in tow.
Ms. Oka is out meeting up with the elves’ allies in town.
I thought that someone should go with her, but she insisted on going
alone.
Hyrince said that most likely, the people she’s meeting with are part of
this society’s underworld.
By nature, people like that won’t meet with anyone they don’t recognize.
He said that was probably why Ms. Oka was acting alone.
I don’t like the idea of letting our teacher get involved with such a
suspicious bunch, but she informed me that sometimes you have to dirty your
hands to get things done, and I was forced to reluctantly see her off.
“What is it?”
Since she chose a time to talk while Ms. Oka is absent, I can guess what
it’s about.
Most likely, she wants to discuss something she wouldn’t want our
teacher to hear.
“Mr. Hyrince, I’m terribly sorry, but could I ask you to step out?”
And it looks like she doesn’t want Hyrince to know about it, either.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“Hrm. All right. I’ll go kill some time at a bar or something.”
“Thank you very much.”
“C’mon, I don’t mind. I’m sure you reincarnations have things you don’t
want other folks hearing about, right?”
With that, the ever-considerate Hyrince leaves the room.
“What about Anna?”
“I got her to go wait in the room.”
Once Hyrince leaves, Katia drops the propriety and starts speaking
brusquely in Japanese.
“Man, Hyrince is sooo mature. What a hunk!”
Fei dives onto the bed.
Now that she can turn into human form, she seems quite pleased to be
able to sleep in a bed again.
When she was smaller, she would occasionally take over part of my bed,
but after she got bigger, she had no choice but to sleep outside.
Being able to sleep in a bed again has put her in a great mood.
However, the one downside she complains about is not being able to roll
over properly because of her wings.
“So? What’s this about?”
“The other reincarnations, of course.”
Katia sits down next to Fei with a grave expression.
Looks like she’s expecting this conversation to take a while.
I sit across from her and get ready to listen.
“I didn’t tell you guys at the time, but I asked Ms. Oka about the other
reincarnations a few times before. She told me that there are eleven of them
being protected in the elf village. She’s succeeded in contacting eight more,
including us. The other six people’s whereabouts are apparently unknown.”
I vaguely remember her saying something about this when we first met.
“We know the eight she’s contacted must include us three, plus Hugo and
Yuri. I’m not sure about the other three. You with me so far?”
“Sure.”
“The real problem is the last six who are missing. Ms. Oka said that four
of them are dead.”
At Katia’s words, my breath catches in my throat for a moment.
It’s not like that hadn’t ever occurred to me, of course.
But hearing it become reality is still a shock.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

I often wondered whether all the reincarnations had survived in a world
full of threats like demons and monsters.
From what little I’ve been told, I gathered that Ms. Oka went through all
kinds of difficulties to gather us reincarnations and keep us safe.
That can only mean that some of us were in enough danger to justify all
that.
Which means she couldn’t get to some reincarnations in time to help
them?
Now we know the answer, straight from Katia’s mouth.
“The ones who died are Kouta Hayashi, Naofumi Kogure, Issei
Sakurazaki, and Hiiro Wakaba.”
At that last name, Fei sits up with a jolt.
Fei and Wakaba had an intense relationship.
Essentially, Fei did things to Wakaba that bordered on bullying.
In her previous life as Mirei Shinohara, Fei was an eye-catchingly
beautiful girl, just as she is in her current human form.
However, the only person whose looks drew more attention than hers was
Wakaba.
If that were the whole story, Fei probably wouldn’t have bullied her.
But an upperclassman whom Fei had a crush on at the time apparently
liked Wakaba, so she ended up bullying the girl out of a one-sided feeling of
envy.
Most of what she did was fairly tame for bullying, like spreading rumors
or hiding her things.
And since Wakaba rarely showed much reaction, it never turned into
anything more serious.
Still, bullying is bullying.
Fei once told me that she’d come to regret her actions once she was
reborn.
I can’t imagine how she feels knowing that the other person involved is
dead.
“Oh, sorry. I kinda…can’t quite put it into words…”
Even Fei herself seems unable to express her complicated emotions.
As I keep an eye on her, I look over at Katia as well.
Fei isn’t the only one who had a connection with Wakaba.
Katia once confessed to Wakaba, only to be met with an honorable defeat.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

I think Katia half expected this to happen, and after the fact, she just
smiled and said, “I got shut down,” so I don’t think it upset her too deeply.
But still, how must Katia feel knowing that someone she used to like is
gone now?
“Katia, didn’t you…?”
“Me? I mean, yeah, it’s a shock. But I dunno, it doesn’t really feel real, I
guess.”
That makes sense.
We weren’t there to witness the moment of her death or anything.
It was simply relayed as secondhand information from Ms. Oka.
It’s probably natural that it doesn’t feel real.
Besides, we’ve already been in this world almost as long as we were in
our previous lives.
To be honest, my memories of my classmates’ faces are starting to get
cloudy.
I still remember the friends I was close with pretty well, but other than
that, I’m starting to forget people who never left a strong impact on me.
Of the four dead, I wouldn’t say I was close with Wakaba or Sakurazaki,
but they left enough of an impression that I still remember them.
However, I can barely even remember Hayashi’s face.
“Kogure, huh? I can only picture him crying.”
Out of those four people, I was closest with Kogure.
He was a crybaby even as a high school student, someone who would
freak out over just about anything.
“Oh yeah. Just being called on in class was enough to make him burst into
tears, right? That takes me back.”
Like me, Fei probably doesn’t remember much about the classmates she
rarely interacted with.
I could never forget Kogure, but Fei probably hadn’t given him much
thought until his name came up just now.
I can’t help feeling a little sad about that.
“When do you think he cried the hardest? When he got put in charge of
taking care of the animals, maybe?”
“Right, right. He was all, ‘I can’t do iiiit!’ Or maybe that time when the
teacher took away his handheld game?”
We took a moment to reminisce about Kogure’s biggest crying episodes.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“Ah…if Icchi were alive, that stupid Natsume probably wouldn’t have
gone this far.”
Fei sighs.
“Icchi” is probably Issei Sakurazaki.
He was a childhood friend of Natsume, Hugo’s former self, and tended to
keep him in check.
Even in our previous lives, Natsume had a pretty violent personality, but
he was never as bad as he is now.
He never caused any major incidents, because Sakurazaki was there to
stop him.
If he were by Hugo’s side in this world, too, our future might have been
very different.
“D’you think Natsume knows that Icchi’s dead?”
“No idea. I guess it’s possible he found out from Ms. Oka somehow.”
“Maybe he did, and that’s why he went crazy. Honestly, I’m pretty sure
Natsume thought Icchi was his only real friend.”
Fei was quite close to Natsume and Sakurazaki.
She must have some thoughts about the way Natsume is rampaging now.
“I wonder why. How did it come to this? I thought we all got along well
enough back in Japan.”
“Being reborn in a different world would change anybody. And Hugo
happened to change for the worse. That’s all there is to it.”
“But you haven’t changed, Katia.”
“Do you really believe that?”
Katia’s sudden intense gaze startles me a little.
“Look, how exactly do you see me anyway?”
“How do I see you?”
“I mean, am I Katia in your eyes? Or am I Kanata?”
“Huh? What do you mean?”
Katia and Kanata are one and the same.
I don’t know what she’s trying to ask me.
This time Katia sighs. “Oh, forget it. I just don’t know if you really think I
haven’t changed or if that’s just what you want to believe.”
“Erm…I’m sorry?”
Katia seems to be in a bad mood now, so I try to make it better.
However, she only looks more annoyed that I apologized without

--- PAGE BREAK ---

knowing what I did wrong.
Unable to meet her glare any longer, I look away.
Instead, my eyes fall on Fei, who’s clearly stifling a laugh.
“What are you laughing at?”
Katia turns her glower on Fei.
“Oh, nothing! I’m just a spectator in this whole affair.”
Fei smirks, and Katia’s scowl deepens.
This is getting uncomfortable.
“But…that’s not all you came here to say, right?”
I change the subject, trying to clear the air.
If Katia wanted only to tell us about the four students who died, she
wouldn’t have waited until Ms. Oka wasn’t around.
I’m sure there’s something she doesn’t want our teacher to hear.
“Right. How much of Ms. Oka’s story do you guys believe?”
Though she still looks a little frustrated, Katia cuts to the main question.
Is she asking whether we think the administrators are real?
“How much? I don’t think she’s lying to us. She said herself that all the
stuff about the administrators is objectively just something that the elves have
always believed.”
Ms. Oka asserted that the godlike beings called administrators really do
exist.
However, she didn’t seem entirely convinced that they’re using this world
to gain power, like the elves believe.
“It definitely sounds like a conspiracy theory to me.”
Fei seems to feel the same way I do.
“You’re saying you believe Ms. Oka but not the elves’ story about the
administrators. Right?”
“Yeah, I think so.”
For one thing, if these so-called administrators can steal strength from the
dead, I don’t see how the elves can possibly fight back against them.
Elves aren’t that much stronger than humans. If such a godlike power
really exists, there’s probably nothing they can do about it.
Sure, elves live longer than humans and are very proficient in magic.
But frankly, that’s the only difference.
They’re not exponentially stronger than humans or anything.
How could they possibly compete with beings so far beyond human

--- PAGE BREAK ---

comprehension?
“But we do know that there are beings who call themselves
‘administrators.’ Even if they aren’t as all-powerful as the elves say, they’re
strong enough to give people a reason to fear them.”
That’s my conclusion, at least.
Ms. Oka says that they’re real, and then there’s Sophia, who’s apparently
one of their underlings.
Sophia’s power is beyond my reckoning.
If there’s something even stronger than she is, that would certainly be
something to fear.
“Do you feel the same way as Shun, Fei?”
“Yeah, more or less.”
“I see.”
Katia closes her eyes and thinks for a moment.
As if she’s trying to decide whether to keep going on this subject.
Finally, she seems to make a decision.
“Shun, Fei, do you both trust Ms. Oka?”
“You don’t, Katia?”
Silence.
However, Katia’s complicated expression says more about her inner
feelings than any words could.
“Can I ask why?”
I don’t think Katia would distrust Ms. Oka without a good reason.
The look on her face says that this thought has been weighing on her
heavily.
I don’t think Katia really wants to be suspicious of our teacher.
There must be some grounds that would motivate her to bring up this
topic now.
“Ms. Oka is hiding something. She’s not lying, but she’s not telling us the
whole truth, either. That’s the impression I get.”
I was expecting Katia to have a more concrete explanation, but her words
are surprisingly vague.
From the tone of her voice, she seems to know that, too.
“What d’you think she’s hiding, then?” Fei presses.
“If I knew that, it wouldn’t be a problem. But I definitely think there’s
something that she can’t tell us. I mean, she said she was going to tell us

--- PAGE BREAK ---

everything, but there’s still so much she hasn’t explained.”
This did occur to me, too.
For instance, she hasn’t said who the reincarnations being protected in the
elf village are or what their situations are like.
Or what the other reincarnations she couldn’t shelter in the elf village are
doing now.
Ms. Oka has still hardly told us anything about our fellow reincarnations.
“If she’s hiding something from us, of course I want to believe she has a
good reason. But facts are facts. We all know that being a fellow
reincarnation doesn’t mean someone can be trusted, right?”
I know what Katia’s trying to say.
Hugo and Sophia, for instance, are reincarnations, but they’re working
with the enemy.
And it’s possible that Katia is also referring to herself.
Hugo brainwashed Katia in the past.
And turned her against us.
She’s hinting that even people you think you can trust can turn against
you.
“I’m not saying you shouldn’t believe her. Just…don’t trust her too much.
I think we should be prepared that she might betray us.”
Katia’s words hit me like stones.
Who knew it would hurt this much to have to suspect even the people you
thought you could trust?
Even knowing that Hugo was behind it, being attacked by close allies like
Sue and Katia was still painful.
Sue and Yuri are still in Hugo’s hands, too.
Just thinking about that is depressing enough. If Ms. Oka betrayed us on
top of that…
The only response I can muster to Karnatia’s warning is a heavy sigh and
a silent nod.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

