 THE ELF VILLAGE
Deep in the mountains of the Sariella region lies a hidden cavern.
In the back of the cavern is a secret room disguised behind a dead end.
In this secret room in the hidden cavern, a place considerably hard to
locate, is a teleport point that connects to the elf village.
It’s hidden so thoroughly that we never would have found it without Ms.
Oka’s guidance.
Even with Appraisal, I couldn’t see any hints of its existence, so I doubt
anyone could find it without knowing exactly where it is.
“You must keep the existence of this place a secret, of course.”
We all nod.
A powerful barrier protects the elf village, making it impossible to enter
unless you use a special teleport point.
In other words, this is one of the few entrances to the elf village. If its
location was revealed, it could lead to unwelcome intruders.
Most likely, no one outside of the elves and their close confidants is
supposed to know about it.
Ms. Oka probably isn’t supposed to show us where it is, either.
The fact that she brought us here seems like proof that she trusts us all
deeply, but Katia’s warning is still in the back of my mind.
Katia said we shouldn’t trust Ms. Oka too much.
But she certainly seems to trust us, at least from my perspective.
Honestly, I don’t know what to do.
For now, I’m still in the ambiguous state of trusting our teacher while
harboring a little bit of doubt.
“Now let us proceed.”
Ms. Oka activates the teleport point.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Light floods the room and engulfs all of us, and my vision warps briefly.
Once it returns to normal, we aren’t in the cavern anymore.
Instead, we’re inside a circular building.
There are several teleportation circles on the floor, like the one we just
used.
However, the details of the building aren’t important right now.
Because as soon as we arrive, we find ourselves at swordpoint.
Several elves are holding their swords out toward us.
“Please, wait! I brought them here!”
Ms. Oka stands between us and the elves, who look ready to attack at any
moment.
Instead of human language, Ms. Oka is speaking the language of the
elves.
We studied it at the academy, so I can more or less understand it.
However, I can only speak it slowly and in short phrases. I doubt I’d be
able to interject in a pressing situation like this one.
“Name?”
“Filimøs Harrifenas.”
The man who seems to be the captain addresses Ms. Oka curtly.
“The chief’s daughter… And why have you brought humans here?”
“They are reincarnations and comrades of the hero. The empire’s army is
on its way here right now. I brought them to help us fight back.”
Ms. Oka’s explanation seems to placate the man, but he still doesn’t lower
his sword.
“I see. However, we cannot allow humans into the village. If they are to
participate in battle as our allies, they may fight outside the barrier.”
“They will do no such thing. These people are my guests. I will not have
them thrown out into danger.”
“Daughter of the chief. I will not repeat myself. Send them back through
the teleport point immediately.”
Ms. Oka and the man seem to be directly at odds.
Clearly, the elves are even more clannish than I thought.
At this rate, they definitely won’t let us into the village.
“Stand down, would you?”
Just as the tension seems about to explode, a man’s voice comes from the
entrance.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

As soon as we see the speaker, all of us freeze.
“Potimas?”
Ms. Oka alone murmurs the man’s name in disbelief.
Indeed, standing before us is Potimas, the elves’ chieftain who had
seemingly been killed by Sophia.
“That’s right. Have you forgotten your father’s face?”
Though his words seem joking, Potimas’s face is serious.
But Ms. Oka, Hyrince, and I all saw him dead.
We saw Sophia toss his freshly severed head to the ground right before
our eyes.
That gruesome sight certainly didn’t seem like a fake or an illusion.
“I thought you were dead?”
“It would take more than that to kill me. Lower your swords.”
He addresses the soldiers to give them an order.
The soldiers faithfully obey, lowering their swords and taking a step back.
“Now, then. Welcome to the village of the elves.”
Despite his words, he doesn’t appear very welcoming at all.
Honestly, I’m pretty wary of him.
Part of it is the strangeness of a man who I thought was dead suddenly
appearing right in front of me, but there’s something else about him that’s
strange and suspicious in a way I can’t quite place.
Besides, anyone who suddenly Appraises someone they’ve just met
probably looks down on others.
This is the second time I’ve met this man.
The first time was before I went to the academy, when he showed up
escorting Ms. Oka.
His attitude was awful then, too. He introduced himself and Ms. Oka, then
left without waiting to hear my reply.
As he spoke, a strange sensation overcame me, but I assumed at the time
that it was just a physical response to how uncomfortable his attitude made
me feel.
Later, Katia identified that strange feeling as the discomfort that happens
when someone Appraises you.
Appraising someone without their consent is considered a very rude
breach of etiquette.
Between that and his snobby attitude, it was clear that he didn’t deem us

--- PAGE BREAK ---

worthy of his consideration.
As if he didn’t recognize us as people.
Even now, he seems to be viewing us more as tools of war than guests, so
his gaze makes me very uncomfortable.
“Come. We shall prepare a modest reception for you.”
With these brief words, Potimas turns and walks out of the room.
We hurriedly follow after him.
“How did you survive?”
Ms. Oka asks the question that I, too, was wondering.
“There are many ways to avoid death.”
This is hardly an answer.
For a moment, I consider Appraising him on the spot as payback for the
first time we met, but getting on his bad side in this situation seems like a bad
idea.
“What about the imperial army?”
“They haven’t yet reached the outskirts of the barrier. As of now, they are
marching through the forest.”
As he speaks, Potimas exits the building.
Following him, the rest of us are at a loss for words when we lay eyes on
the scenery outside.
All around us is a forest composed of such large trees that they might well
be more than a thousand years old.
The roots of the gigantic trees have been carved out to form homes.
Looking back at the building we just left, I realize that it, too, is actually a
giant tree.
The elf village isn’t just a bunch of buildings in a forest. It’s built into the
trees themselves.
“Wow,” Katia murmurs involuntarily.
It’s as if we’ve wandered into the world of a fairy tale.
However, countless eyes soon glare at us, drawing us back to reality.
From atop the branches and in the shadows of the trees, the elves are
watching us closely.
I can feel the wariness and disgust in their gazes.
It’s a fresh reminder that we’re not welcome here, as if the swords pointed
at us when we arrived weren’t enough.
Concerned, I look back at Anna.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

For me, this is just a rather unpleasant welcome. But for Anna, a half elf,
this place is full of painful memories.
Being glared at like this on top of that could easily unearth more trauma.
Anna is putting up a brave front, but her hands are trembling slightly.
I press close to her, trying to shield her from the piercing glares.
Potimas moves on briskly, paying no attention to us.
As we follow him, Ms. Oka asks him about the current situation.
“Do you know how large the imperial army is?”
“Around eighty thousand.”
This is a surprise to me.
Is it really safe for them to send such a large army in the midst of the
human-demon war?
No, it almost certainly isn’t.
And yet, the army is already well on its way.
If the demons find out about this development, I doubt they’ll miss such
an opportunity.
This situation is even more disastrous than I thought.
“The trouble is that the church has provided a considerable amount of
their soldiers. The fact that they’ve announced a false hero like Hugo shows
that they are deeply tied to the empire.”
If the Word of God army has joined forces with the empire, that must
mean that Hugo has the church held firmly in his fist by now.
Most likely, the brainwashed Yuri is with him, too.
“If their march proceeds smoothly, how soon do you think they’ll arrive?”
“Three days, I would imagine. If they’re attacked by powerful monsters or
anything of the like, it might be another story, but unfortunately luck seems
to have taken their side.”
I tilt my head quizzically at Potimas’s odd statement.
“The legendary-class monster who has threatened our village for years,
the queen taratect, is on the move. As a result, all of the other monsters in the
area have fled. The imperial army will likely run into few monsters, if any, on
their course here.”
Another queen taratect?
The queen taratect is said to live in the Great Elroe Labyrinth, but there
are four others in the world as well.
From the sound of it, one of them lives in this very forest where the elves

--- PAGE BREAK ---

make their home.
The elf village is at the heart of a vast forest called the Great Garam
Forest.
According to Ms. Oka, the village and the barrier that protects it are about
the size of the special wards of Tokyo.
And the forest, since it’s big enough to hide that at its center, is easily the
size of Hokkaido.
There are many monsters in the great forest, and the queen taratect rules
as the most powerful of all.
Unfortunately, since the queen taratect has moved and driven away all the
nearby monsters, this works in the army’s favor.
If the queen taratect had stayed behind and maybe even run across the
imperial army, that would have been much more favorable for the elves.
As for me, I’m half-disappointed and half-relieved.
We caught a glimpse of the queen taratect’s terrifying power on the way
here.
When we left the Great Elroe Labyrinth, I looked down and saw the place
where a queen taratect had once burst free and gone on a rampage.
The destruction was so severe that it had permanently changed the
landscape.
If that thing had run into the imperial army, the latter would most likely
have taken devastating casualties.
The elves would have triumphed without needing to fight at all.
But that would also mean that soldiers who are only being used by Hugo
would be killed in droves.
There might even be people among them who are brainwashed, like Yuri.
When I think of it that way, I’m almost happy with these results.
I know how naive that is.
If we really do have to fight, it’ll be kill or be killed, even if the soldiers
are innocent.
But some part of me can’t help hoping that if we can just do something
about Hugo, the rest of it will work out somehow.
At the very least, I might be able to save my brainwashed friends from
him.
There might even be more of them besides Sue and Yuri who have been
brainwashed unbeknownst to me.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

As I think about it, my hand automatically clenches into a fist.
“We’re here.”
Potimas enters a house built into one of the huge trees, cutting the
conversation short.
Inside the house is a large circular desk, creating a conference room of
sorts.
As soon as we sit as instructed, elven waiters carry food to our table.
“These are elf dishes, but they should suit the human palate, too.”
At Potimas’s words, I take a bite of the food.
It’s lightly seasoned and vegetable focused, but that only serves to
highlight the quality of the ingredients.
In fact, it’s delicious.
Exhausted from our journey, our party eats without speaking.
“You seem to have enjoyed it. Good.”
Seeing that we’ve finished eating, Potimas speaks again.
“We have prepared quarters for you. I shall ensure that you can go about
your business there until the imperial army arrives.”
They seem very well prepared.
Almost as if he already knew we were coming.
Which he probably did, I suppose.
I don’t know how he got that information, but it’s the only explanation
that makes sense.
Otherwise, how would they prepare living quarters and just the right
amount of food for humans with such perfect timing?
And yet, we were greeted so harshly when we first arrived.
Did the information not reach the teleport-point guards, or was that just an
act?
Either way, I can’t figure out Potimas’s intentions.
All I know is that he seems very shady.
Maybe that’s why I can’t help but distrust Potimas’s next proposal.
“Additionally, I’m sure you would like to see the other reincarnations, no?
The hour is late. I shall arrange for you to meet them tomorrow.”