--- PAGE 27 (PDF index) ---
“Well, there you have it. Good luck.”
…What?
There I have what, exactly?!
You can’t just tell me that in the middle of a battle and expect my mind
to not go blank!
Here I am, in the middle of an ultimate showdown with Black, and D
suddenly starts blabbing at me telepathically!
Yeah, I heard the details about the world quest.
I didn’t hear the very first notification, but the ones after Black and I
started fighting came through to me.
So I’ve got a handle on the rules to this world quest thing.
I’m sure Black does, too.
He seems to have heard the Demon Lord’s and the pontiff’s speeches
as well.
Generally, that sort of notification uses the system to broadcast to the
entire world. It’s actually kind of weird that I could hear it, too, since my
connection to the system is cut off.
Then again, D is the one who sent out the notification, so, y’know…
I’m sure making it so I could hear the announcement too was child’s
play.
Although that also means she must have meddled with me so that I
could hear it…
While she didn’t attack me or anything, the fact she was able to easily
slip past my defenses and awareness and all that certainly is a painful
reminder of how much more powerful she is than I…
Ugh, but enough about D for now. No point in dwelling on it.
At any rate, the long and short of it is that both Black and I were able to
hear the Demon Lord’s and the pontiff’s respective speeches.
Which definitely put both of us in a “we gotta do this, let’s go!” mood.
And then, just as we’re both raring to go—a sudden communication
Page 12
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 28 (PDF index) ---
from D totally takes the wind out of my sails!
No waaay.
She must have timed it like that on purpose, right?!
Between the world quest and this little extra comment, she sure is
interfering a lot for someone who claims to be a passive observer.
Just keep your nose out of it already…
In the midst of all this madness, Black has stopped moving, too.
It’s the perfect chance to attack, except I’m at my wit’s end myself…
Let’s just call a temporary cease-fire for now.
“Then again, I suppose that might be difficult to accept right away. I’ll
answer any questions you might have.”
D offers a tiny ounce of kindness, probably due to the fact that Black
and I have both frozen in place.
I wish she would’ve expressed that kindness by not complicating this
whole mess instead.
“You said you distributed Taboo to all of humanity, did you not?”
“I did.”
Ah, Black’s got his face in his palm now.
Can’t say I blame the guy.
Taboo had some pretty upsetting information, even for an outsider like
me. Does that mean the rest of the world was a screaming hellscape when
it hit?
No, forget the past tense—it might still be a hellscape even now.
“Taboo is technically a skill, though. Where exactly did that energy
come from?”
Oh, hey! That’s a good point!
Taboo is a skill of sorts, which means it includes the corresponding
amount of energy.
So it must have taken a huge amount of energy to distribute that to all
of mankind.
That would be using up way too much of what little this planet has left!
“Not to worry. I provided that out of my own pocket.”
Phew. That’s a relief.
…Relief?
Out of D’s pocket?
You’re telling me D, of all people, put up some of her own energy for
this world’s sake?
“Although I will say the energy I provided originally belonged to this
Page 13
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 29 (PDF index) ---
world anyway.”
D drops a bombshell that lays waste to my doubts.
Energy that used to belong to this world?
And where did that come from exactly?
“It’s from the explosion that created the reincarnations in the first
place.”
…Okay, is she secretly still reading my mind or what?
According to D, she stopped being able to read my thoughts when I
became a god, but I dunno…
Well, whatever.
The explanation about this energy is more important right now.
The explosion that created the reincarnations must be the one that
happened in the classroom on Earth.
The one that was apparently caused by the previous hero and Demon
Lord.
That little number drained a bunch of this world’s energy, and the
students who got caught in the blast were reincarnated into this world.
But that attack was intended to kill D, or specifically an administrator.
Wouldn’t the energy have all been expended in the process of the
attack?
“Don’t you think that an attack intended to kill an administrator—a
god, really—ought to have the power to destroy more than just a single
classroom?”
…Well, when you put it that way.
The attack was indeed meant to kill a god.
Now that I think about it, it’s odd that it only had enough juice to blow
up one classroom.
An attack like that wouldn’t even kill an Araba-class dragon, never
mind a god.
And yet it drained a massive amount of this world’s saved-up energy.
The power of the attack and the amount of energy it consumed don’t
add up.
“In other words, I collected the surplus energy and kept it stored away
for safekeeping.”
Ah, Black staggered a little.
Can’t blame him for getting a little dizzy, either.
The attack on D was perpetrated by the second-to-last hero and the last
Demon Lord before the current ones.
Page 14
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 30 (PDF index) ---
It was originally intended to target Black, except the goddess Sariel
forcibly redirected it to D, which led to fun consequences like the
reincarnations being born into this world and a massive amount of energy
being lost.
And Black has always felt really guilty about how things went down.
So it’s no surprise that he would be distressed to learn that D had
secretly pocketed all that energy.
Still, this is actually great news.
It means that some of the lost energy, though I’m sure not all of it, has
been restored to this world.
…If you overlook the fact that it was used for Taboo, anyway.
Just then, Black jerks upright, as if he’s just realized something.
“Wait! You said all of humanity?! So if the system was destroyed in
the present conditions, what would happen to them?! Taboo is a skill, too,
isn’t it?!”
Oh yeah. That’s another good point.
Taboo is a skill all right.
The moment the system is destroyed, all skills will be torn away not
just from humanity, but from all living things.
Our estimate is that approximately half of humanity will die of the
shock.
Some of them won’t just die, either. Their souls will probably be
destroyed.
And the more skills you have, the higher your chances of dying.
Since Taboo is a skill, too, tacking that on to all of humanity must
mean…
“Even more humans will die as a result, I’m sure.”
Yep, there it is!
Ah, Black fell to his knees.
Um…yeah, well, y’know. Hang in there, buddy.
“No need to be alarmed. All you have to do is to win and prevent the
system from being destroyed, and none of that will matter.”
Wait a sec.
That would mean I lose, though.
You’re just gonna give Black even more motivation!
“Oh, and that reminds me. Even if you do win, I won’t come for
revenge or anything, don’t worry.”
Black’s head whips up at that.
Page 15
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 31 (PDF index) ---
“But you said that you would never allow any harm done to your kin.”
“Well, I know I said I was going to make her my kin, but we haven’t
officially made any such contract yet. Which means that while I’ve made
an unofficial offer, she isn’t technically my kin yet.”
Uh…right.
Yeah, makes sense.
There’s not really any connection between me and D just yet.
“If she falls here, then so it goes. It simply means that she was not
worthy to become my kin, that’s all.”
HEY!
…No, listen, okay?
It’s not like I wanted to be D’s kin or anything, y’know? Definitely not,
okay? It’s just, when you put it that way, y’know? I can’t help but get a
little mad, okay?
Heh. Heh-heh.
Now you’ve gone and said it.
Bwah-ha-ha-ha-ha…
In the end, I just can’t afford to lose.
Now both of us have even more reasons that we have to win.
I face off against Black again.
“Now I have nothing more to fear. This is not personal, you
understand. In fact, I am more grateful to you than anything. And yet, even
so, I must defeat you.”
While Black declares his renewed determination, I simply beckon him
in silence.
“Let us begin!”
And so, our battle resumes.
“Be sure to entertain me.”
…With an evil god spectating on the sidelines.
What a pain!
Two shadows leap and bound between tall, futuristic buildings.
One is Black.
The other is me.
My lower half is in spiderlike arachne form, hopping effortlessly from
one building to the next.
Arachne form increases my jumping ability, of course, and I can use
the eight legs to run up buildings and such, making it ideally suited to this
Page 16
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 32 (PDF index) ---
kind of movement.
And if I use my threads on top of that, I can even do tricky maneuvers
like changing directions in midair and easily crossing greater distances.
Bweh-heh-heh.
Bet you regret not making our battlefield an empty plain or something!
You’re kidding yourself if you think you can outmatch a spider in an
area with tons of obstacles!
While I’m cackling inwardly, I suddenly sense something closing in on
me at an alarming speed.
Whaaat? You can really match my speed?
As I turn around in surprise, I see a car flying toward me.
A caaaar?!
I dodge it in a panic.
Whew. That caught me off guard.
I wasn’t expecting a car, of all things…good thing I dodged it on
instinct.
This really is a parallel world, huh?
It’s got flying cars and everything.
While I’m thinking such stupid thoughts, things suddenly get darker all
around me.
What the—?! I look up and see the sun nearly blocked out by a
building flying right at me.
A buildiiiing?!
I make myself scarce, in an even bigger panic, and the building crashes
down directly behind me.
There’s a tremor in the ground and a loud crash, followed by a cloud of
dust.
Um, excuse me.
Don’t you think this is a little too grandiose?
A car is one thing, but flying buildings?
That’s a parallel world for you.
It totally turns everything I thought I knew upside down.
But y’know, just because this is a parallel world, doesn’t mean you
have to go that far.
Isn’t this a little much?
My face twitches a little as I stare upward.
Now there’s a whole bunch of buildings floating in the air.
The same set of buildings I was hopping all over just moments ago.
Page 17
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 33 (PDF index) ---
Well, that’s weird. Why would those be floating in midair? Golly, what
a mystery.
…Yeah, there’s no time to react like that!
I start zooming away as fast as I can, at the same moment that the
floating buildings start flying toward me.
Each one has an insane amount of mass, and now they’re speeding
toward me like bullets.
GAAAAAAH!
Hang in there, leg muscles!
Not that I know whether spider legs actually use muscles to move or
not!
Just move as fast as you can, feet!
We’ve gotta get away from these things!
There are intermittent booming sounds from behind me, shaking the
ground beneath my feet each time.
Normal buildings would be one thing, but this is a world Black created.
I can’t assume that buildings here are ordinary.
Even I would probably take a lot of damage if I got hit by one of those.
…I mean, not that I wouldn’t take damage f rom an ordinary building,
you know?
Seriously, though! What kind of crazy person does something like
using buildings as bullets?!
Hmm? Who am I to talk when I used meteors as bullets, you say?
Look, I don’t see what that has to do with it.
Besides, this is Black’s dimension, all right?
And yet here he is pulling up buildings and throwing them around,
causing all kinds of environmental destruction—or rather, dimensional
destruction. It’s like messing up your home with your own two hands.
I dunno how he can stand it.
I could never do something like that.
Page 18
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 34 (PDF index) ---
Page 19
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 35 (PDF index) ---
Now, maybe it’s because I’m distracted by emotions I don’t really
understand, like pathos and admiration, or maybe it’s because I’m too
focused on running away. Either way, I’m a second too late to react when
the space in front of me warps abruptly.
Black leaps out from the tear in space.
Tch! He got the jump on me?!
Normally, teleporting would be a bad move.
In a battle between spatial conjuring masters, teleportation takes too
much time.
Admittedly, for me, activating teleportation probably takes less than a
second.
But that’s still too long.
It leaves space for your opponent to interfere.
The teleportation rune is complicated enough to begin with. Mess with
it a little, and it falls apart.
Then your teleportation fails.
If you were just moving an object, that wouldn’t be such a big deal. If
you’re teleporting yourself, on the other hand, then the risk is a whole lot
higher.
Worst case scenario, you might even get sucked into a gap between
dimensions and be gone forever, or something equally terrifying.
Of course, I have certain safeties in place to keep things from going too
horribly wrong. But depending on what the other person does to mess with
my spell, there’s no guarantee disaster wouldn’t still happen.
Which is why teleporting would usually be a bad move in a battle
between gods…unless you use giant buildings as a distraction to get the
jump on the other person.
I mean, yeah, a bullet hell with entire buildings as the bullets is
definitely enough of a decoy—way too much, if you ask me!
Black’s hand is gripping a sword as it closes in.
I’m in big trouble if that thing hits me.
I dodge to the side with almost unnecessary vigor, avoiding the sword
slash.
“You won’t escape!”
But another building comes careening down at me right away.
Oh, come on! Buildings aren’t supposed to rain out of the sky!
What’s happening here, a natural disaster?! So this is the power of a
god?!
Page 20
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 36 (PDF index) ---
I gnash my teeth in frustration at the sight you would normally only
find in an overblown battle manga, and use my threads to catch the
building.
And yes, even I have to admit that a spiderweb strong enough to catch
a falling building is pretty overpowered, too.
But I’m not just gonna catch it!
I’ll send it right down toward Black’s head!
Take this! Building Dodge-and-Drop!
Speak softly and carry a big building, like they say!
Enjoy getting crushed by your own stupid building attack!
SLAAAASH! The building gets sliced neatly in two.
…Right. Yeah.
No, I knew an attack like that wouldn’t be enough to take down Black,
okay?
It’s just, watching someone cut a building in half is kinda, y’know…
Can’t you leave that stuff in the realm of battle manga?
But complaining in my inner monologue isn’t going to make Black
stop, of course. His sword comes thrusting toward me.
I jump back with another exaggerated dodge, escaping the sword’s
range.
That sword is bad news.
I can sense some crazy energy coming off it.
If it cuts me, I’m guessing it’ll damage the energy within me, not just
my body.
A battle between gods is mainly an energy-based war of attrition.
Whoever can waste more of the other’s energy is the victor.
Getting hit with enough force to cut a building in two wouldn’t be a big
deal in itself, since I could just heal the physical damage.
But the amount of energy in that blade is more destructive than just
that.
Most likely, it’s not just physical destruction. It can probably erode my
energy, too.
I’m already at a disadvantage here. I can’t afford that kind of hit.
…Still, that’s got to require a lot of energy for Black to use it, too. Yet
he’s busting it out without hesitation.
Attacking requires energy, too.
If you use too much energy on attacks, that alone could run you out of
gas if you’re not careful.
Page 21
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 37 (PDF index) ---
So I always figured you were only supposed to use lots of energy on an
attack at a critical moment when you know it’s really gonna count.
But here’s Black throwing energy around like it grows on trees.
That sword probably uses the most, but floating buildings and even just
maintaining this dimensional space have gotta cost a fair amount of
energy, too.
So why does it almost seem like he’s actually gaining energy, not
losing it?
…No, it’s not just my imagination. His energy is growing.
Damn it aaaall! This must be the effects of those stupid prayers!
The rule is that people can pray for one god or the other, and give them
just a little bit of power.
That’s gotta be why it seems like Black’s energy has been increasing
for a while now.
Just as I suspected when I first heard the rules, Black’s definitely
getting more prayer power.
Oof. My lack of popularity is painfully clear…
B-but that doesn’t bother me at all!
I’m a natural-born loner, baby!
I don’t need approval from the masses to win this whole damn thing!
Or at least, that’s what I’m telling myself…but this is looking pretty
grim, isn’t it?
We’re fighting in a dimension of Black’s creation.
This futuristic city, not quite like anything on Earth, is probably based
on what this planet looked like before the system was made.
It might even be the city where Black and Ariel met.
…Though if that’s the case, it’d be kinda tasteless to chuck buildings at
me from such a precious place, don’t you think?
Well, either way, we’re on Black’s turf.
He created it, so he has the advantage here.
It was a mistake to let him drag me into his home field when the battle
first started, or at least a miscalculation.
Except really, it’s all D’s fault for announcing that stupid world quest
from out of nowhere!
I bet the reason I didn’t hear that first announcement initially was to
delay my reaction, too!
That’s the only explanation I can think of for why I was able to hear the
rest of the announcements, but not the very first one.
Page 22
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 38 (PDF index) ---
Damn that evil god! Always finding ways to put me at a disadvantage!
Now he’s got a serious head start on me.
I glance around.
Countless white spiders are still eating away at the space, trying to
consume the city itself.
It’s like this three-dimensional space is in a two-dimensional picture
spotted with holes.
As odd as it looks, the spider-eaten sections make up less than 10
percent of the whole scene.
It’s basically a power map of mine against Black’s.
I’ve got less than 10 percent, and the other 90-plus percent is all his.
Should I say my side has got nearly 10 percent, or not even 10 percent
yet?
Either way, as long as Black’s field has the advantage, I can’t go on the
offensive.
I can’t afford to attack.
I’ve gotta stay on the defensive and hold out, or I’ll drain all my energy
and go down without ever getting in a proper counterattack.
Right now, I just need to endure his attacks, keep eroding away at his
field, and overwrite it with my own field.
Once the power distribution on the map reaches fifty-fifty, then I
should finally be able to fight back.
But as hard as my little clones are working to spread my influence over
the field, the results aren’t much to write home about.
That’s mostly because the resistance against them has gotten even
stronger since Black started getting more energy from the outside.
It’s not enough to push them back entirely, but it’s certainly slowing
their progress almost to a halt.
At this rate, I’ve gotta be ready for this to take a very, very long time.
I have to withstand Black’s barrage of attacks until the balance of the
field evens out.
Ughhh, this suuucks…
But it’s not like Black has it easy, either.
Since I’m still managing to encroach on his field, that means my spatial
conjuring is stronger.
He’s got control over the battlefield for now, but if the power
distribution map shifts in my favor, I’ll be the one with the big advantage.
Then he’d be forced to go on the defensive instead, while I’d swap onto
Page 23
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 39 (PDF index) ---
offense.
And since my spatial conjuring is superior, Black will have no way of
getting the advantage back if I manage to pull off the switch.
He knows that, too, which is why he’s pulling out all the stops to try to
pull off a win before I can overwrite the field in my favor.
Otherwise, I can’t imagine why he would use such an obviously
energy-sucking weapon like that sword, even if he is getting extra energy
from the outside.
I bet that thing uses up energy as fast as he can receive it.
Except it still looks like his energy is increasing slightly…which means
he must be getting a whole hell of a lot at once.
Still, there has to be a limit to how much energy he can receive.
Since it’s limited to the total population of mankind, that means there’s
a ceiling on the amount of energy they can provide, too.
Hopefully, the amount of energy he’s receiving will decrease over time.
In that respect, the longer things drag on, the more Black is at a
disadvantage.
Time is on my side.
With each minute that passes, the situation will slowly turn in my
favor.
Of course, that’s only if I can keep fighting in tip-top shape the whole
time, though.
I mean, think about it.
As impressive as my endurance might be, if I get injured, obviously I
won’t be able to fight at full strength anymore.
In the case of a battle between gods, physical wounds can be healed
instantly. It’s the energy you lose that can’t be recovered.
Even if I appear completely unharmed, I won’t be able to pull off a
comeback if I start running low on energy.
One major hit could drain tons of my energy, and then I’d be in big
trouble.
I don’t think a single slash from that sword would be a fatal wound…at
least, I sure hope not.
But just ’cause it won’t kill me doesn’t mean it’d be no big deal.
I don’t know how much energy I’d lose if that sword hits me; ergo, it’s
better not to let it touch me at all.
One hit might even drain enough of my energy to make a turnaround
totally impossible.
Page 24
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 40 (PDF index) ---
So I really wanna avoid all of Black’s attacks until I can overwrite the
field.
On the flip side, he wants to damage me before that happens and nip
my attempted comeback in the bud.
Can I withstand the onslaught, or will Black manage to land enough
hits to stop me?
That’s about the shape of things right now.
I’ve got a long haul ahead of me if I want to win, and if I get distracted
for even a second, I could lose the whole damn thing.
So Black has the home field advantage, and I can’t even afford to take
a single hit—how is that fair, huh?!
No waaay.
How come he gets the upper hand, yet I’m the one starting with a major
handicap?
Seriously, no waaay…
I dodge Black’s sword as it swoops toward me.
Then his mouth opens, and a breath attack blasts out.
Don’t use Dragon Breath while you’re in human form!
I mean, I know he can do stuff like that ’cause he’s really a dragon, but
still!
And sure, I could do it, too, if I wanted to, but come on!
Using a breath attack in human form just plain looks weird, okay?!
Although it’s certainly effective at catching me by surprise!
And yes, it did hit me, if you must know!
My human upper half gets blown to smithereens just like that.
But I’ve still got my spider lower half, and I can grow back the human
half easily.
Yeah, I’ll have to spend some energy to do so, but it’s a tiny amount in
the grand scheme of things.
In terms of damage, ’tis but a scratch.
Well…a scratch that destroyed my whole upper body.
The way visible damage doesn’t equate to actual damage is one of the
annoying, or at least confusing, parts about a fight between gods.
It makes it hard to tell who’s got the upper hand at a glance.
Take that last attack, for example—we probably both used about the
same amount of energy, even though my body is the one that got wrecked
by that breath attack.
While I used energy to restore my destroyed upper body, Black used
Page 25
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 41 (PDF index) ---
energy to attack in the first place.
In a battle of gods, whoever uses up their energy first loses.
It takes energy both to attack and to defend, so the person who’s on the
offensive isn’t necessarily the one who’s winning.
Either way, you’ve got to carefully calculate how much energy each
move is going to take.
In my case, it didn’t make a huge difference whether I took a hit from
that breath attack or not. So rather than dodging it in a panic, I chose to let
the attack hit so I could stay on my toes in case he followed up with an
attack from that sword.
And sure enough, here it comes!
I evade Black’s sword slash easily.
Black must have known as well as I did that his breath attack wouldn’t
damage me, which clearly meant that he was really after making an
opening to attack with his sword, duh!
Ah-ha-ha-haaa!
You’ll have to try harder than that obvious strategy to pull one over on
me!
See, I’ve figured something out in our battle so far.
Black isn’t used to fighting!
Sure, he is strong, there’s no arguing that.
His movements are very precise, not unpolished in the least.
But if I had to describe it, I’d say it seems like he’s done a lot of
training but not much actual combat.
His fighting style is, I dunno…very clean.
It lacks that rough-and-tumble “I’m-gonna-take-you-down-no-matter-
what!” quality.
When you think about it, it makes sense: Black’s been the unrivaled
manager of this world for a long time, which means combat is only a
distant memory… In fact, did he ever even have a life-or-death battle
before the system was created?
Meanwhile, I’ve been fighting to survive from the second I was born.
It’s only natural that there’d be a stark difference in our levels of real-
world combat experience.
Thanks to that, I’ve managed to make it without taking a single serious
hit so far.
That doesn’t mean it’s been easy, though—this situation still totally
sucks, obviously!
Page 26
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 42 (PDF index) ---
Black is a super-high-spec fighter, even if he isn’t really used to
actually fighting!
His swordsmanship is very by-the-book, and he’s not very good at
feints.
So it’s relatively easy to tell what he’s going to do next, but let me tell
you, predicting attacks and actually dodging them are two very different
things!
This time, it’s another artless overhead swing.
Except for the fact that it’s unbelievably fast.
Only after I dodge the attack does the whooshing sound reach my ears.
If it left a sound behind, that means it must’ve been easily moving
faster than the speed of sound, huh…?
His attacks are faster than the eye can follow.
That makes it really hard to dodge, even if he’s easy to read in theory.
If I let my guard down for even a second, I’ll be sliced in two before
you can blink.
Dammit!
If only I had my go-to weapon on hand, at the very least…!
I’m pretty sure my giant scythe could hold up to Black’s sword.
It kinda seems to have a mind of its own despite the fact that I created
it, and it’s got high enough specs to qualify as a legendary-class weapon,
I’d say.
If we went blade-to-blade, I don’t think it would go down that easily.
In fact, if I attacked him with that scythe, I bet I could deal Black some
real damage.
And it even has its own energy stores separate from mine.
An external battery pack?
Come on, having that scythe would open up tons of strategic options!
So why don’t I have it, you ask? Because Black is blocking me from
summoning the scythe for all he’s worth.
I’m certainly trying my best to get it into my hands, and it seems like
the scythe is even trying to teleport here itself, too.
Buuut, Black is apparently very wary of that scythe and the huge
amount of energy it clearly holds, and is doing everything in his power to
prevent me from summoning it.
Like I said before, interfering with teleportation is easy.
So there’s not much else I can do.
If my opponent was trying to summon an obviously dangerous weapon
Page 27
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 43 (PDF index) ---
like that, you can bet I’d be stopping them, too.
Now, if I’d been able to go into this battle fully prepared, of course I
would’ve had my scythe, and this would all be waaay easier…
Dammit, it’s all D’s fault!
I know I’ve been complaining about her a lot, but that’s her fault, too!
If I come out of this alive, I’m gonna give her a piece of my mind, I
swear!
Otherwise it wouldn’t even be worth it.
That’s only if I survive, though.
For now, I better focus on my present predicament.
If I can buy enough time and survive Black’s onslaught of attacks, I
win.
If I go down before then, Black wins.
Honestly, I’m so busy trying to stay alive that I can’t worry about
anything else.
So I’m just gonna have to let the Demon Lord and the others handle it.
Which does worry me, of course.
On the rare occasions I’ve ever entrusted things to others, I always
keep an eye on them via my clones so that I can intervene if I need to.
But this time, I can’t even do that much.
Which means I’m fully counting on them, and I can’t even try to help.
And of course it’s at the most important stage of the game.
Yeah, I’m worried.
But since we’ve made it this far, I’m just gonna have to put my trust in
the Demon Lord and the others.
The Demon Lord has handled all kinds of ordeals, and at this point, so
have the likes of Vampy and Mr. Oni.
I’ve gotta have faith that they’ll get through this one, too.
Besides, we’re, like, uh…you know. F-fr-friends! Or whatever!
Aaaargh! God, trusting and depending on others is, like, sooo
embarrassing!
What the hell?! Whose idea was this?!
I feel crazy awkward about it, but my thoughts on the matter don’t
change the fact that I just have to leave it to them, regardless.
It’s not so much that I’m trusting them as that I have no other choice…
If anything happens to the Demon Lord or any of the others, I can’t
come running to help.
…Dammit, I’m worried!
Page 28
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 44 (PDF index) ---
The tide will turn in my favor if I buy enough time?
I don’t have time to be so blasé about it.
Gotta give it all I’ve got and put an end to this battle ASAP!
Not that I haven’t been giving it all I’ve got this whole time already!
That means I’ll just have to surpass my limits!
Unleash your full power, me! Yeahhhh!
I make a move forward, and Black’s sword grazes my face.
Yeahhhh…
Um, turns out randomly attacking is still a bad plan!
I can’t lose my head just ’cause I’m worried about the Demon Lord and
company.
This isn’t the kind of opponent I can defeat in a panic, after all.
Play it cool, girl.
I’m already fighting to the best of my ability, so if I try to push myself
past my limits, I’m just gonna end up making a mistake and leaving myself
open to attack.
The shortest route to success is to keep calm and carry on.
As much as I’m worried about the others, I’ve gotta put them out of my
mind for now.
The Demon Lord and all the rest will be fine.
That’s all part of putting your trust in someone, I think.
And I bet the Demon Lord and the others are putting their trust in me,
too.
So I’ve gotta make sure I don’t let them down.
My opponent is Black, an administrator who’s protected this world for
ages.
Not to mention that he’s got most of mankind backing him up.
I couldn’t ask for a better foe!
Now I’ve just gotta win this thing, and live up to the trust of my…those
guys!
…Even if all I’m doing right now is running around dodging things!
My fervor thus renewed, I dodge Black’s next sword slash with a
magnificent backstep.
Page 29
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com