--- PAGE 120 (PDF index) ---
“There, there.”
I gently stroke Kunihiko’s head after he’s cried himself to sleep.
The childlike act of crying until you’re so exhausted you fall asleep
strikes me as funny somehow, and a soft chuckle escapes my lips.
Despite his self-deprecating jokes about his “quest for vengeance” and
“playing the tragic hero” being over now, I’ve seen firsthand how hard
Kunihiko was fighting all this time.
The way he pushed himself to his limits as if he was running out of
time was such a far cry from his previous life as an ordinary high school
student that it never ceased to amaze me.
I could never do that sort of thing.
I hate hard work. I don’t like doing my best.
Everything in moderation, I say.
I usually go through life preserving my energy, and occasionally try a
little harder only when it’s really necessary.
That level of effort feels just right for me.
I’m not the kind of person who works myself to the bone or puts my
life on the line.
I just don’t have that kind of zeal.
But if anything, that’s what makes me respect people who can do such
things.
Since I can’t do it myself, I’m always impressed with people who give
it their all and really try their hardest.
…Even if I don’t understand them.
Kunihiko lives his life with fiery passion.
So much so that I worry he’ll burn himself up, body and soul.
If it were anyone but Kunihiko, I would’ve stopped trying to keep up
with him long ago.
I nearly told him “Let’s just give up already” more times than I can
count.
Page 105
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 121 (PDF index) ---
But I never brought myself to say it, because I wanted to let him do as
he pleased.
I liked watching him recklessly charge on ahead.
And having his back was a lot easier than you might imagine.
It certainly required a lot of the hard work and extra effort that I hate so
much.
But being by Kunihiko’s side feels so right that I couldn’t imagine
going anywhere else.
Kunihiko always tries to run full speed ahead, while I prefer to walk at
a leisurely pace.
You wouldn’t think we’d ever be able to keep the same pace, yet
somehow, we’ve managed to stay joined at this hip all this time.
Honestly, I think it’s nothing short of a miracle.
If we’d taken one wrong step, we could’ve easily wound up lost
beyond all hope of repair.
I might have fallen behind, or Kunihiko might have gotten seriously
injured or worse…
We always made it through with help from the advantage of being
reincarnations.
But there’s no guarantee it’ll always be this way.
There’s a limit, I know.
I saw it up close when we fought Merazophis in the war against the
demons.
Kunihiko and I couldn’t even take him as a team; even with Ms. Oka’s
help and support from a long-distance sniper, we were just barely able to
make an even match.
Merazophis was able to fend off all four of us all by himself, and
managed to withdraw with barely a scratch, too.
We couldn’t win.
If we ever fought Merazophis again, Kunihiko and I would likely both
be killed.
After our conversation with him in the elf village, that suspicion turned
to certainty.
He was connected to Wakaba’s group, and was deliberately not killing
us because we’re reincarnations.
That means he was actually holding back when we fought, and we still
couldn’t come close to beating him.
He’s too strong.
Page 106
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 122 (PDF index) ---
I do think that Kunihiko and I can still grow stronger, too.
But we wouldn’t be able to fight Merazophis if we fought him now,
and even if we took the time to train more, there’s no guarantee we’d catch
up.
It’s not like we have any convenient way of getting stronger all at once,
either.
Nor do we have enough time to find one.
Everything is happening so fast, and there’s nothing we can do.
In the end, I’m just an ordinary person with no motivation.
I can’t fight the flow of such enormous events, nor do I have the energy
to try.
I don’t even want to have anything to do with it.
Ideally, I’d rather just watch from someplace safe.
In fact, I would much prefer that outrageous events, like a battle for the
fate of the world, would take place where I don’t even have to know about
them.
I want to run away.
Kunihiko, on the other hand, stayed firmly in place and thought about
what to do.
He got so deep in thought that there was a big crease between his
eyebrows, which is very unlike him—he never thinks for long about
anything.
And his conclusion was that he would fight for the ebony god’s side.
This would mean fighting against the ivory god’s side, which also
meant fighting Merazophis once again.
I’ve always let Kunihiko do exactly what he wanted.
I thought supporting him in that way was my role.
So this time, it was my turn to worry about what to do.
Should I let Kunihiko have his way, and see the fight through even if it
meant death?
Or should I stop him by force?
It was a difficult decision.
I had to chose between protecting Kunihiko’s pride, or his life.
Thus, I hesitated until the very last minute, and basically decided on the
spot.
When we saw Merazophis, I immediately thought: Ah, we’re going to
die.
And then I acted almost entirely on reflex.
Page 107
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 123 (PDF index) ---
I knocked out Kunihiko, picked him up, and ran for it.
Fortunately, Merazophis didn’t chase after us.
I suppose he had no reason to.
Merazophis might be a bitter enemy from Kunihiko’s and my
perspective, but far from hating us, he even seemed to feel sympathy for
us.
In the end, Kunihiko’s passion for vengeance was entirely one-sided.
He realized as much himself in the elf village, and that seemed to take
the wind out of his sails entirely.
Even so, the fact that he chose to fight after a rare period of thinking
hard about it must mean that he had strong feelings on the matter.
And I completely disregarded those feelings.
This might be the end, I thought.
I’d always believed that there was virtually nothing that could tear the
two of us apart.
But this instance might be extreme enough to qualify.
After all, I just destroyed his big, once-in-a-lifetime moment.
I was sure he’d be furious when he woke up.
It might even ruin our relationship beyond recovery.
But even then, as awful as that would be, I wanted Kunihiko to live, no
matter what.
And as it turns out, my fears of splitting up were entirely unfounded.
Far from getting angry at me, he actually apologized.
While a part of me felt that I was the one who ought to be sorry, I was
also thrilled and relieved that even this couldn’t destroy the bond between
us.
After Merazophis killed the rest of our clan, when we barely escaped
and reached a town…it was Kunihiko who held my hand and led me
forward.
Kunihiko who was by my side.
So I resolved to stay by his side forever.
As long as he didn’t shake me off himself, that is.
I’m not sure what the future holds for us—even less sure than when our
home was destroyed and we were left with nowhere to go and no idea why
it had happened.
Maybe we’ll actually get to live the normal life I want, or maybe it’ll
be the action-packed life of Kunihiko’s dreams.
Maybe we won’t have a future at all, and our lives will soon be at an
Page 108
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 124 (PDF index) ---
end.
But that’s all the more reason for me to stay by Kunihiko’s side.
Until death do us part.
Page 109
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com