--- PAGE 125 (PDF index) ---
“Urgh?!”
This humanoid creature has a combination of dragon and fishlike
features.
And I just sliced off one of its arms.
“Damned child!”
The…draconic merman…? waves his remaining arm around.
A torrent of water whirls through the air in sync with his movements,
attempting to engulf me.
I fling a knife-size exploding sword at it.
The resulting explosion collides with the gushing water.
There’s so much water that one small explosion was only enough to
slow its momentum for just a moment.
But that moment is all I need.
I use it to close the distance between myself and my opponent, aiming
to slice off his head.
The creature avoids my slash by ducking out of the way, and my sword
only nicks his skin.
Good thing I’m a dual-wielder.
I thrust my other magic sword toward his chest, aiming for his heart.
Just as it’s about to hit its target, a cascade of water slams into me,
forcing me away.
Dammit.
I guess I should’ve expected no less of an ancient dragon. None of my
usual moves are enough to take him down.
Still, he’s lost an arm and is wounded all over.
This is one of the ancient water dragons that’s attacking the Upper
Stratum of the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
Sophia managed to hold them off at first, but obviously she couldn’t
defend the entire Upper Stratum of the world’s biggest labyrinth all on her
own, which is why I came running to belatedly join the fight.
Page 110
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 126 (PDF index) ---
The narrow, winding passageways of the Great Elroe Labyrinth are far
from my ideal battlefield.
My greatest strength is using exploding swords and other magic swords
to inflict damage on a wide area at once, which isn’t the best idea in the
Upper Stratum, where it could easily cause a cave-in.
As much as I would have preferred to let Sophia handle this alone, this
is hardly the time to be choosy.
Thanks to the multitude of ancient dragons attacking all at once—not to
mention all in different places—to open up holes that let the ocean flood
into the Upper Stratum, the entire Great Elroe Labyrinth is starting to get
submerged in water.
Considering the sheer size of this place, it’s not likely to get totally
flooded anytime soon. Even so, it’s not the kind of problem we can just
ignore, either.
The best solution would be to take out the water dragons ASAP.
Unfortunately, they’re all ancient dragons.
Dragons are powerful enough as it is, to say nothing of the ones that
have lived an especially long time and grown even stronger accordingly.
It’s going to be tough to take them down—in fact, I might even get
killed in the process.
Or so I thought…but so far, that hasn’t been the case at all.
“Damn it all…! I won’t lose to a mere human…!”
“Sorry, but I’m not actually human.”
I’m an oni, to be precise.
Evidently taking my words as a challenge, the water dragon lets out a
roar and raises more water.
I charge forward in response, clashing with my opponent.
The water dragon’s head goes flying.
Immediately, the wildly moving water he was controlling drops back to
the ground with a splash.
I watch the dragon’s corpse sink beneath the water, then move on to
find my next target.
Water dragons are strong.
They reign as the apex predators of their ecosystem, turning the ocean
into a territory that no one else can cross.
They’re certainly nothing to sneeze at.
But that strength is now working against them.
They’re actually too strong.
Page 111
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 127 (PDF index) ---
Since they were unopposed for so long in their home field of the ocean,
they’ve probably grown accustomed to destroying their targets with little
to no resistance.
Which means they don’t have much, if any, battle experience.
They’ve always been able to just sink their foes into the ocean without
having to fight at all.
Strong as they are, they’re used to wielding that strength in the simplest
way possible.
That makes them much easier to deal with.
On top of that, this isn’t their usual ocean territory.
Unlike the ocean with its endless supply of water, this is land, albeit
land that’s starting to get submerged.
They have to keep their powers in check here, just like I do.
And their usual forms as dragons are probably enormous.
All the water dragons I’ve seen have been in human form.
While most dragons can transform into humans, their powers definitely
shine brightest when they’re in their original form.
With all these constraints and their lack of battle experience, it’s only
natural that they wouldn’t be able to beat me.
Honestly, I feel a little bad. They’ve lived long enough to be called
ancient dragons, and now I’m bringing their lives to an end without them
even being able to fight at their full strength.
But I wouldn’t say their deaths will be in vain.
The holes they created linking the Upper Stratum to the ocean are still
open.
Sophia can freeze the water to cut off the flow, at least temporarily, but
all I can do is destroy things with fire and lightning.
There’s nothing I can do to close up a hole in the ceiling.
It certainly makes me wish I’d studied Earth Magic or something,
although there’s no point in complaining about that now.
I feel foolish for only being able to destroy things, even though I chose
to build up my strength in that direction.
At any rate, we have to take out the water dragons as quickly as
possible and seal the holes they created.
The only one of us with the ability to do the latter is Sophia.
Which probably means that I should take over her battle against the
chief of the water dragons, freeing her up to go around sealing those holes.
That’s why I’ve been making my way toward Sophia, defeating any
Page 112
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 128 (PDF index) ---
water dragons I encounter along the way…except those two keep moving
around as they fight.
I’m barely getting any closer, even though I’m chasing them as fast as I
can.
All because the chief of the water dragons is keeping away from Sophia
as they do battle, prompting Sophia to get annoyed and go after her.
She’s pretty good, that water dragon chief.
I’m guessing she’s realized that she can’t beat Sophia and is stalling for
time instead.
She’s trying to survive as long as she can, in hopes of putting us on the
ropes, even if she likely won’t manage to drag it out until the Great Elroe
Labyrinth is sunk completely.
Sophia must realize that, too.
But she still can’t finish her off.
It wouldn’t be wise to just let the water dragon chief run free, either.
If such a powerful enemy was left to her own devices, I’m sure she
would open another massive hole somewhere, flooding the place that
much faster.
That leaves Sophia with no choice but to keep chasing after the chief,
even knowing that she’s only stalling for time.
…At least, I’d certainly like to think that Sophia is not just getting
wound up and chasing her around.
Ideally, I was hoping Sophia and I could catch the water dragon chief
in a pincer attack and make short work of her, but clearly it’s not going to
be that easy.
The fact that the two of them are moving away from me as I go after
them means that the water dragon chief has already sensed my presence
and is acting accordingly.
She’s quick at assessing the situation and making smart judgments.
This is going to be tough.
I have to get to Sophia as soon as possible, even if we can’t pull off a
pincer attack.
Except water keeps blocking my path.
I’ve entered a zone that’s already completely submerged.
The Upper Stratum is already hard enough to navigate at full speed
with its narrow, winding passages, and now parts of it are underwater as
well?
Talk about frustrating.
Page 113
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 129 (PDF index) ---
On top of that, I already sense another water dragon obstructing my
way forward.
Fighting will take up more time, making it even harder for me to catch
up to Sophia.
Still, I can’t just ignore the water dragon and keep moving, either.
“What a pain…”
I groan aloud despite myself.
I’ll just have to take out this frustration on the water dragon blocking
my way.
But just as I’m bracing myself for a fight…
Four shadows speed past me and attack the waiting water dragon.
Aren’t those the puppet taratects?
Why are they here instead of guarding Miss Ariel?
No, I guess that’s a silly question.
Miss Ariel must have seen the current situation, decided that we needed
backup, and sent them in to help.
Honestly, I am grateful.
But what about Miss Ariel’s safety?
The enemy could easily launch a surprise attack on the Lower or
Bottom Stratum while we’re busy here in the Upper Stratum.
As strong as she was before, Miss Ariel can barely even fight anymore.
Will sending her guards away work out in her favor, or against her?
I’d hate to see Miss White’s reaction if something happens to Miss
Ariel…
Now I have even more reason to hurry it up.
“I’m going on ahead!”
With a quick word to the puppet taratects, I rush onward, leaving them
to take care of the water dragon.
The four of them together should be able to handle it, even if the water
dragon is more powerful individually.
Besides, while the water dragon can’t fight at its full strength due to the
terrain, the spider girls have home-field advantage in this cramped space.
The Upper Stratum is basically their hunting ground.
It might be a little harder to navigate now that it’s partly submerged,
but that shouldn’t be too big of a problem for them.
They were able to catch up to me easily enough, anyway.
The fact that my speed stat is probably higher than theirs didn’t stop
them.
Page 114
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 130 (PDF index) ---
That’s probably because they’re much better at using the walls and
even ceilings of the labyrinth to move even faster.
Between that and my inability to seal a hole, I guess I’ve still got a long
ways to go in many respects.
It’s ironic that I’m realizing my own inadequacy in what will be our
final battle.
Too bad I’ll never have a chance to put that knowledge to use.
…Too bad, huh?
If I’m thinking about it that way, maybe I still have attachments to this
life after all?
I never planned to survive this battle.
My hands are stained with so much blood already.
Enough is enough.
The moment I killed Buirimus and avenged my goblin clan, my life lost
all meaning and purpose.
In fact, when I died back in the classroom, I probably should have just
stayed dead.
I only stayed alive in this world out of habit.
Yet even though I was living on nothing but inertia, I still sent
countless others to their deaths.
Eventually, I have to pay the price.
And all I have to offer for that is my own life.
So whether we win or lose this battle, I had no intention of surviving.
And yet…
The chaotic days of the recent past flash across my mind.
Sophia flaring up at me, Mr. Merazophis panicking behind her, Miss
Ariel gently trying to calm everyone down, and Miss White watching in
silence, or occasionally kicking Sophia to the curb.
Those times might have been crazy, but they weren’t bad.
But that’s all over now.
We can never go back to that again.
I’ve known that for ages, or at least I thought I did.
So I can’t falter now.
Stay sharp.
Finish what you started.
And the first step is taking over this fight against the chief of the water
dragons!
There!
Page 115
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 131 (PDF index) ---
Running as fast as I can, occasionally swimming through a sunken
passage, I finally catch up to where Sophia and the water dragon are
locked in battle.
The water dragon chief is purely focused on keeping away from Sophia
and attacking from afar, while Sophia is determinedly chasing after her.
They’re evenly matched in terms of long-distance warfare.
However, the nature of the water and ice seems to have Sophia at a bit
of a loss as to how to break through.
Sophia can freeze her opponent’s water, except then the ice ends up
serving as an obstacle that aids in the water dragon chief’s retreat.
But if she doesn’t freeze the water, her opponent will be able to control
it and move freely.
No wonder this battle has been taking so long.
I’m sure Sophia would win eventually, due to her superior abilities…if
the Great Elroe Labyrinth doesn’t flood completely first.
“Sophia!”
“…Tch!”
Noticing me, Sophia clicks her tongue, looking annoyed.
“Leave this to me and go seal the holes!”
“…Ugh, fine, I know! You handle it, then!”
With that, Sophia crossly turns on her heel and leaves.
Knowing her, she probably wanted to finish this fight herself.
But she still let me take over because she knows our overall victory is
more important than her winning this particular battle.
Otherwise, there’s no way someone as prideful as Sophia would hand
over her prey.
Since she was selfless enough to prioritize the team’s goals over her
own satisfaction, I’d better make sure I live up to her expectations.
“Oh dear. I’ve been dealt quite the difficult hand.”
The water dragon chief quirks an eyebrow.
“But are you sure you oughtn’t have come at me two against one?”
“No need. This won’t take long.”
She wrinkles her nose in apparent displeasure at my statement.
“You’d do well not to underestimate me, hmm?”
“I’m not. That’s why I’m going to use all of my strength to finish you
as quickly as possible.”
The water dragon chief must be very strong.
If we fought in the ocean, where her full strength would be on display,
Page 116
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 132 (PDF index) ---
she might very well have defeated Sophia and me both.
She has far more finesse than the other water dragons, too.
That much is clear from the fact that she was able to keep Sophia at bay
for so long.
So I’m going to give it everything I’ve got, too.
Because I have no other choice.
“Such overconfidence! Oh, I can hardly wait to smash it to pieces!”
No, it’s not overconfidence.
It’s just that because I recognize how powerful the water dragon chief
is, I’m going to break out my ace in the hole right away.
My Wrath.
“GRAAAAAAHHH!”
As soon as I activate the Wrath skill, the world is dyed a deep red.
My brain, my body, my pulse, every fiber of my being demands that I
slaughter every living thing in sight.
I let that overpowering urge take control, swinging my magic sword at
the water dragon chief before my eyes.
Though my war cry seemed to intimidate her for a moment, she quickly
recovers and sends a wave of water toward me.
The torrent takes up the entire narrow passageway.
There’s no way to dodge it.
But I don’t need to, anyway.
I unleash the full power of my magic swords, surrounding my body
with their might.
Flames and lightning twine around me, evaporating the wave of water.
“But…how…?”
The evaporating torrent produces shock waves that churn toward me,
but I ignore them, press forward, and slice the water dragon chief in half.
When Wrath is activated, all my stats reach 99,999.
That’s the max value they can have, stronger than even Miss Ariel in
her prime, at least in terms of numbers alone.
In this state, no ordinary attack can lay a scratch on me, and almost
nothing can withstand my blade.
However, it comes at a high cost.
“Hfff…hfff…! Calm down! That’s enough!”
I turn off Wrath and stop my spirit from being swallowed up.
The Wrath skill makes the user lose all sense of reason.
If it fully consumes me, even once, I’ll be permanently transformed
Page 117
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 133 (PDF index) ---
into a senseless monster that attacks anything in sight.
Even after training up the Heresy Resistance skill, which reduces
negative effects on the soul and spirit, to the point of becoming Heresy
Nullification, it still wasn’t enough to get rid of the effects of the Wrath
skill completely.
For now, I can bring myself back like this if I only use it for a short
time. But if I keep using the skill, I know for a fact that eventually I won’t
be able to come back anymore.
I imagine the Wrath skill has special settings that prevent its
consequences from being fully negated.
All this is why I’ve avoided using it at all costs, but against the water
dragon chief, I had no other choice.
Sophia and I are about equal in power, I think.
If she couldn’t defeat that opponent over a long period of time, this was
the only way I’d be able to do it quickly.
“Koff! I’m…sorr…I…offer…”
The water dragon chief murmurs something, despite her upper and
lower half being neatly separated.
Then her body crumbles into dust and disappears.
…I see.
She must have offered herself up…sacrificing her soul to the system.
By offering your soul to the system, you can turn all its energy into the
system’s fuel.
Of course, that means you’ll never be reborn again, since your soul
itself is lost.
It’s a fate beyond death: nothingness.
Yet as she was about to die, she offered up her soul.
That proves she must have come into this battle fully prepared to end it
all.
Just like me.
“Wait a little longer. I’ll offer myself up, too, before this battle is over.”
Whether we win or lose, I intend to sacrifice my own soul.
Death alone wouldn’t be enough to atone for everything I’ve done.
So I’m going to give up all that I am.
But the time hasn’t come for that, not just yet.
First, I have to fight my hardest for the ivory god’s victory, so that the
deaths of everyone I’ve killed won’t be in vain.
Even if it ends with me disappearing forever.
Page 118
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 134 (PDF index) ---
I take a moment of silence for the place where the water dragons’ chief
fell, then move on in order to defeat the rest of them.
Page 119
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 135 (PDF index) ---
Page 120
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com