--- PAGE 167 (PDF index) ---
A grim atmosphere settles over the military headquarters.
The situation is bleak.
Our other headquarters that we had set up near the battlefield was
attacked and destroyed by white-robed agents.
As for the battle itself, while we managed to defeat the queen taratect,
thanks to great efforts from Chief Nguyen and Chief Gohka, the swarm of
Nightmare’s Vestiges that appeared partway through dealt major losses to
both the human alliance and the demon army, ultimately driving them to
retreat.
Of course, I never had high expectations for the human nor demon
armies.
Given the strength of Lady Ariel’s main forces, it would be foolish to
even count them among our assets.
But she couldn’t just ignore them if they all attacked at once, either.
She would have to send some of her forces to deal with them, and if
Chief Iena’s assault went well in the meantime, the next steps would be a
little bit easier…or so I hoped.
Yet I have already lost contact with Lady Iena.
I had one of my Panoptic Vision users try to investigate the Upper
Stratum of the Great Elroe Labyrinth, only to find it frozen as far as the
eye could see.
I did not truly expect to submerge the entire labyrinth, but I still hoped
that Chief Iena’s power would be enough to eliminate one or two of the
enemy’s strongest players.
At the very least, I believed she would be able to buy us a fair amount
of time.
But if the Upper Stratum has been frozen over so quickly, that must
mean Lady Iena was defeated after almost no time at all.
My original plan was to wait for Chief Nguyen and Chief Gohka to
recover while Lady Iena kept some of the enemy’s main forces occupied,
Page 152
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 168 (PDF index) ---
or to perhaps even defeat them, allowing us to go on the offensive.
Since Lady Iena was defeated instead, I was forced to speed those plans
along and send in Chief Nguyen and Chief Gohka right away, only for
both of them to fall as well.
At this point, we no longer stand a chance of conquering the Great
Elroe Labyrinth.
Chief Hyuvan, Chief Nia, and Chief Reise simply left too large a void
behind.
All we can do now is pray for Lord Black Dragon’s victory.
And now, in the midst of this situation, I received a report from one of
the reincarnations—Kenichi Ogiwara—that somehow made everything
even worse.
“Are you certain this is true?”
“Would I lie about something like this? That would be an awful thing
to joke about.”
I did not actually think young Ogiwara was lying, of course.
Perhaps it was just that I so desperately wanted it to be false that I
could not help asking.
I know that Ogiwara is not the sort to lie at a time like this.
He has an advanced form of telepathy called “Unlimited Telephone,”
and used this skill to leak information to me from the elf village for many
years.
Though we only met in person once, to register me as a contact for his
Unlimited Telephone skill, I know him quite well through our regular
conversations.
“At this rate, the evil god is going to wipe out half of humanity no
matter which side wins.”
Despite myself, I put a hand to my forehead and groan.
I cannot believe that we would receive such terrible news when we’ve
just reached the point that our side can only pray for the ebony god’s
victory.
If this information had come just a little sooner, perhaps we would not
have lost chiefs Iena, Nguyen, and Gohka in vain.
“Ah, hang on a second, please… There! It’s all set up! I’m switching
this to a group call!”
After those words, my mind is filled with noise.
It’s as if I can hear several people breathing all at once.
“What’s this?”
Page 153
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 169 (PDF index) ---
“Hrm? Is that you, Dustin?”
The voice I hear next belongs to Lady Ariel.
“It’s a group call. An ability of mine that allows multiple people to
have a telepathic conversation at the same time.”
“You can do such a thing?”
“It’s not like I was hiding it on purpose. It just never really came up.”
Evidently, this “group call” uses Ogiwara as a conduit to allow several
people to communicate via telepathy.
I never imagined that I would speak to Lady Ariel again, let alone like
this.
But my senses tell me there are others besides Lady Ariel connected to
this call.
“Okay, sooo…I guess let’s start by having everyone introduce
themselves one at a time, when I say your name. Shun, you go first.”
“Oh, sure. Um, I’m Schlain, a reincarnation and the current Hero.
Please call me Shun. Thank you for having me.”
“Wow, so formal.”
“Shut up, Ogi.”
The first to be introduced is Sir Schlain.
So it was his group that supplied the information about the evil god,
then.
He did decide to pursue the unlikely hope of making both the ebony
and ivory gods’ wishes come true, after all.
Perhaps it took a soul like his to find out the truth.
Someone who refused to give up or compromise until the very end.
“Next, Mr. Hyrince.”
“Right. My name is Hyrince Quarto. But at this point, maybe I should
introduce myself as a double of Güliedistodiez, the ebony god. I’ll be
participating in this meeting from that position, anyway. Thanks.”
Sir Hyrince is the next to speak.
He was a member of the previous hero Sir Julius’s party, and of the
current hero Schlain’s as well.
But just as he says, we ought to treat him as a double of the ebony god
now.
Most of the ebony god’s doubles live their entire lives as ordinary
humans, never revealing their second identity until the very end unless
extreme circumstances require it.
His primary aim is to experience life from a purely human point of
Page 154
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 170 (PDF index) ---
view.
That he is making an exception to participate in this meeting is
additional proof that what’s happening is of the utmost importance.
“Okay, next! Our teacher, Ms. Oka…I mean, Miss Filimøs!”
“Ogiwara, did you really forget my name just now?”
“I mean, you’ve always been Ms. Oka to us, sooo…”
“Ogi, Ms. Oka, now isn’t the time for that sort of thing.”
This familiar exchange goes to show how close the reincarnations were
in their previous lives.
Our world did them a grave disservice by tearing them apart and
plunging them into chaos.
And the fact that we must now depend on their help only further
emphasizes how inadequate we residents of this world truly are.
We should all be ashamed.
“Hello, my name is Filimøs. I am a reincarnation and former teacher
to the others, which is why many of them call me by my prior name, Ms.
Oka. I am pleased to meet you all.”
Miss Filimøs is the elf reincarnation, I believe.
After the massacre at the elf village, she is likely the only survivor of
their race.
That may lead to many complications if she survives after this battle,
but I suppose now is not the time to concern myself with such things.
“All right, let’s keep it moving. Next! Chief Reise, representing the
ancient dragons.”
“I am Reise the dark dragon. A pleasure.”
Hrm.
If Chief Reise can participate in this meeting, that means that Ogiwara
has met them before.
One of the caveats of Ogiwara’s Unlimited Telephone is that he can
only connect and converse with individuals he has met in person.
In other words, since Chief Reise joined up with Sir Schlain, Ogiwara
must be with them right now.
“Next, Pontiff Dustin of the Word of God religion.”
Ah, my turn has come.
“I am Dustin, the pontiff of the Word of God. Thank you for having me,
everyone.”
Most likely, they are all familiar with me through the world quest
speeches.
Page 155
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 171 (PDF index) ---
It would thus be pointless to introduce myself at great length.
“Finally, Miss Ariel, the Demon Lord.”
“Hey, I’m Demon Lord Ariel. Let’s do this.”
Lady Ariel sounds rather sullen in her short introduction.
I suppose that, too, is inevitable, given that everyone else here is
technically her enemy.
“And I’m Kenichi Ogiwara, the reincarnation using this group call to
connect everyone. I’m just here to link you all up, so I’ll leave the rest of
the proceedings to Mr. Hyrince.”
“Thanks. Let’s get right down to business, then. As I believe you’ve all
heard from Ogiwara, this is about the evil god plotting to sacrifice half of
humanity, as described in the world quest. We all assumed it was referring
to the ivory god at first, but thanks to certain information, it’s now clear
that we were wrong. The real evil god is Administrator D, the creator of
the system who outranks the ebony god.”
“Might I ask a question? Who provided this information? And are we
quite certain we can trust it?”
“I’m afraid I can’t reveal the source of the information. It’s not that I
refuse—it’s simply not possible. Additionally, if anyone does figure out
who may have provided the information, please keep it to yourself and
don’t tell anyone else. I hope that answers your question.”
Hyrince responds immediately to my question.
…I see.
So he cannot reveal the source, even if he wanted to.
Since we must also refrain from mentioning it if we figure out the
source, that probably means there’s some sort of restriction involved.
And the person at this meeting most likely to be under such a
restriction is Miss Filimøs.
Considering how quickly Potimas was able to collect the
reincarnations, outpacing even our church, it’s clear that Miss Filimøs has
an information-gathering skill of some kind.
And if she is the source of this particular revelation, it would explain
why she is present at this meeting.
“As for the veracity of the information, I personally believe it is true
beyond a doubt.”
“I see. If you of all people feel so strongly about it, I shall take you at
your word.”
It would be best to assume that this information is true if Sir Hyrince, a
Page 156
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 172 (PDF index) ---
double of the ebony god, believes it so confidently.
I would suspect anyone else of being deceived, but the ebony god has
lived far longer than even I have, keeping watch over and protecting this
world.
As a part of that ebony god, Sir Hyrince could never be deceived about
a threat to our world.
“Unfortunately, all we know for certain is that the evil god is D. There
is no indication as to how we might prevent the destruction of half of
humanity. And if I may speak on behalf of the ebony god, if D intends to
stand in our way as an enemy, then we have no hope of fighting back.”
D is the being who created the system: a god far stronger than the
ebony god, and the savior of our world.
Since this planet survives thanks solely to the system, that means D
could destroy the world just as easily as save it.
There is no question of who is stronger when D already holds all of our
lives over a barrel.
“Therefore, we’ve concluded that the only way to do anything about
this information is to attempt to make contact with D first. And so, the
Spatial Magic master Elder Ronandt is currently searching for a way to
teleport to D’s location.”
Hrmmm…
The ebony god has already lost all hope of conquering the Great Elroe
Labyrinth.
Perhaps it would be best to give up on that matter and meet with Sir
Hyrince and company instead.
I have no choice but to cooperate with them if the alternative is sitting
and waiting for half of humanity to be destroyed.
But even if we on the ebony god’s side feel that way, the problem is
whether the ivory god’s side will agree…
“So? What do you want us to do about it? You realize I’m still fighting
to kill half of humanity either way, right? I’m not gonna change my plans
at this point just because of something like that.”
Of course…
Lady Ariel has a point.
The ivory god’s side already intended to destroy half of humanity.
Whether D does it or not is none of their concern.
This doesn’t change the victory conditions for Lady Ariel’s side; thus,
they can simply continue to defend the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
Page 157
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 173 (PDF index) ---
Though she will probably not actively hinder us, we cannot expect her
to help, either.
Of course, since we are currently enemies, I could not ask her to do
such a thing anyway.
“…About that, Ariel. I don’t suppose you could open up a path to the
system core for us?”
“Excuse me?”
Lady Ariel’s voice takes on a dangerous edge in response to Sir
Hyrince’s words.
Even through telepathy, it is intense enough to give one goose bumps.
“And why would I do that?”
“It’s the most reliable way to attempt teleporting to D’s location. D
created the system, and controls it personally. By us directly accessing the
core of the system, the chances of successfully teleporting to D would be
much higher.”
Hyrince’s statement does make sense in theory.
But whether Lady Ariel will accept it or not is another story.
“Don’t make me laugh. We wouldn’t gain anything from going along
with this.”
The ebony god’s side wants to save humanity, while the ivory god’s
side does not.
And since the ivory god has to prevent anyone from entering the
system core at the heart of the Great Elroe Labyrinth in order to be
victorious in this battle, Hyrince’s request is an impossible one.
I am sure he is aware of this as well.
So why would he make such a request, knowing it would be rejected?
“I beg you to reconsider.”
“No thanks.”
“At this rate, half of humanity will be destroyed. Not just death—utter
destruction.”
Hyrince’s words, and the urgency behind them, make everything clear
to me.
Not just death…utter destruction.
In other words, their very souls would vanish.
From our perspective on the ebony god’s side, we ought to focus all our
energy on stopping D, not the ivory god’s side.
For the ivory god’s side, the death of half of humanity is not the goal,
but a natural result of their endeavors. For the evil god D, however, this
Page 158
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 174 (PDF index) ---
seems to be the sole intention.
Death and destruction are similar, yet there is a major difference.
If one’s soul is destroyed, one can no longer be reborn.
We must deal with D, whose plans would cause far greater damage.
The best way to improve our chances to this end would be to convince
Lady Ariel to let us into the system’s core, where one with ruler authority
could connect to the administrator and create a higher rate of success for
teleportation.
Teleporting to the unknown location of D, whom Elder Ronandt has
not even met, is far beyond the limits of any skill.
I cannot imagine success is likely, even for humanity’s strongest mage.
From the point of view of the ebony god’s side, we must persuade Lady
Ariel no matter what.
But Lady Ariel’s answer is point-blank.
“That doesn’t matter to me one bit.”
There seems to be no hope of changing her mind.
I cannot blame her.
Allowing someone into the system’s core could directly result in the
ivory god’s side’s defeat.
I or someone else with ruler authority might very well take that
opportunity to prevent the system’s destruction.
If anything, that would be the most logical course of action.
After all, the people who want to go to the system’s core are the leader
of the ebony god’s side and another group with similar values.
They want to save everyone without sacrificing half of humanity.
“I understand that this would not benefit you. And yet the survival of
humanity hangs in the balance. Is there any way we can convince you to
help us?”
“Yeah, right. What kind of idiot would let the enemy waltz right into
their headquarters?”
“We would of course promise not to do anything in the system core
other than teleporting to D’s location.”
“I don’t believe that for a second.”
We are at an impasse.
“I’ve always made tons of compromises. And look where that got us. I
refuse to compromise anymore.”
Lady Ariel’s assertion is understandable.
And it is difficult to argue.
Page 159
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 175 (PDF index) ---
Look at the way this world’s people mistreated Lady Sariel: using MA
energy despite her warnings of its dangers, incurring the wrath of the
dragons, letting her defend us from them, only to sacrifice her in order to
keep this world alive.
Amid all these irredeemable transgressions, it is small wonder that
Lady Ariel and the others who counted Lady Sariel as family would be
furious.
And yet Lady Ariel has restrained her anger for so long.
Just as she says, she has compromised with us many times over.
It is simply too much to ask her to compromise yet again.
She has no reason to go along with our request.
Trying to appeal to her emotions because half of humanity is going to
be destroyed will not move Lady Ariel’s heart when we have ignored Lady
Sariel’s suffering for so long.
If anything, the more we try to move her, the more irritated she is likely
to become.
What right do we have?
After we asked so much of Lady Sariel, and whittled away at her life
for so long, how can we turn around and demand even more?
I am sure that is how it sounds to Lady Ariel.
It is impossible to persuade her.
And yet we must, or else either Elder Ronandt will have to find a way
to teleport to D’s location on his own, or we will need to attack the Great
Elroe Labyrinth once again.
We cannot count on Elder Ronandt’s success.
And now that we have lost chiefs Iena, Nguyen, and Gohka, it would
be difficult to break through into the depths of the labyrinth even with the
aid of the remaining dragon chiefs.
None of these options are feasible.
They are all just as impossible as convincing Lady Ariel to help.
Isn’t there any way out of this mess…?
“Excuse me…”
Just then, Sir Schlain breaks his silence.
“Please, I’m begging you to reconsider, too! I swear we won’t do
anything that would put the ivory god’s side at a disadvantage!”
For just a moment, I hoped perhaps a reincarnation would be able to
convince Lady Ariel, but a simple, honest plea is hardly enough to change
her mind.
Page 160
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 176 (PDF index) ---
“Yamada, you reincarnations throwing your hat in the ring doesn’t
change my answer.”
“No, listen! At this rate, half of humanity will be gone forever!”
“If I must repeat myself again, our side was already fighting with the
full intention of slaughtering half of humanity. As far as I’m concerned, it
doesn’t make much of a difference whether they die or get destroyed.”
“But that’s awful…!”
It appears Sir Schlain will not be able to persuade Lady Ariel, either.
“Yamada, this battle concerns our world. You reincarnations are
outsiders. Don’t try and get involved if you’re not prepared to face the
consequences.”
If anything, now she’s the one talking him down.
“…I’d prefer if you didn’t treat us like outsiders. Yes, maybe we were
born in another world. But we live in this one now, and we’re going to go
on living here. We’re not interlopers. This concerns us, too. At the very
least, I know I’m here because I’m prepared to be part of this.”
…Now, there’s a surprise.
Sir Schlain, who seemed at first like he would be cowed into silence by
Lady Ariel, was able to make a surprisingly firm comeback.
So this is the younger brother of Sir Julius the Hero.
Though he is still young and naive, I can see now that he has truly
inherited the will of his predecessor.
“…Gotcha. Sorry for being so dismissive, then.”
It appears that Lady Ariel was caught slightly off guard by Sir
Schlain’s words as well.
In that short exchange, her perception of the young hero has likely
improved from someone not worth her time to someone she can address on
equal terms.
“But that still doesn’t mean we’re going to go along with your
demands.”
Unfortunately, that still isn’t enough to change the situation at hand.
“Erm, excuse me, may I pose a question? Why do you suppose this ‘D’
is going to destroy half of humanity, exactly?”
This time, Miss Filimøs speaks up.
I can understand her misgivings.
While Lady Ariel’s side has a goal that they wish to accomplish even if
it means taking countless lives in the process, D has no such clear reason.
In fact, we know next to nothing about D at all.
Page 161
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 177 (PDF index) ---
I myself do not understand D’s thoughts or goals in the slightest.
This, too, is something we likely cannot say for certain unless we ask D
directly.
“Who knows? Not me, that’s for sure. White and Gülie are the only
ones who’ve met D face-to-face. But from what I’ve heard, I wouldn’t be
surprised if it’s mostly just for fun.”
“For fun?! Destroying half of humanity for fun?!”
Despite Sir Schlain’s evident shock, I do not find it overly surprising.
Any being powerful enough to create something as anomalous as the
system is bound to see things differently from mere humans like us.
Although Lord Black Dragon is closely linked with humanity, the rest
of the dragons were quite willing to eradicate every one of us.
We must not forget that.
To a god, mankind is little more than rubbish.
“Yes, I imagine it is at least in part just for fun. D sees this world as
nothing but a toy for her amusement. I’m sure she could have saved this
planet without a roundabout method like the system if she really wanted
to.”
Mr. Hyrince is right.
This world is only a toybox to D.
She forced humans and demons to war against each other, added
monsters into the mix, and watched mankind struggle and fight to survive.
When I think of it that way, it makes perfect sense to call someone so
cruel an evil god.
But it is true nonetheless that this planet has escaped destruction,
thanks to the system.
We toys cannot rebel against our owner.
“Erm, if this person really is that powerful, does that mean she might
be able to grant both the ivory god’s and the ebony god’s wishes? Think
about it! Maybe we can talk to her face-to-face and convince her!”
Sir Schlain speaks with the conviction of someone who’s had a brilliant
idea.
True enough, I am sure D does have the power to do so.
However, that would be…
“So you’re depending on gods again?”
I can sense Lady Ariel’s immense anger even through telepathy.
As I suspected, Sir Schlain’s proposal struck a nerve with her.
“You can’t do it yourselves, so you turn to a god. How’d that work out
Page 162
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 178 (PDF index) ---
for this world last time, huh?”
We humans turned to Lady Sariel for help, and even now, we continue
to repay her kindness with cruelty.
For Lady Ariel, who is striving to save her, asking a god for help is
unthinkable.
“…I’m sorry. That was thoughtless of me.”
“If you weren’t a reincarnation, I’d probably kill you where you
stand.”
Her threat sounds serious enough that cold sweat runs down my back.
It drives home the depth of the rift between our side and hers all over
again.
Though we understand each other’s words, we can never understand
each other’s feelings.
I am sure it seems that way to Lady Ariel as well.
If anything, she seems to believe even more strongly that we cannot
agree.
Humanity has betrayed Lady Sariel for so long after all.
Perhaps trying to persuade Lady Ariel any longer would only be
wasting our time.
“That won’t do at all, Hero. We’ve got to win this on our own, or it
won’t be worth anything. Besides, from what I’ve seen of our world all this
time, D’s not likely to do us any favors.”
Chief Reise chimes in with an easygoing drawl.
I can easily picture them shrugging languidly as they speak.
“Yes, I agree. D seems to cherish fairness, from what I can tell. If we
make such a request of D, she will expect something of equal value in
exchange. When Güliedistodiez asked her to save this planet, she created
the system and ordered us to save it with our own sweat and blood. And we
have no way of paying the price she would demand this time.”
If fairness is truly important to her, is this her way of evening the
playing field in spite of her divinity?
Placing limits on herself because she could otherwise do anything she
wanted?
Of course, knowing that would not help us negotiate when we have
nothing to offer, just as Sir Hyrince said.
But if she truly values fairness, then perhaps…
“This could be D’s method of divine punishment.”
I blurt out the thought through telepathy as soon as it strikes me.
Page 163
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 179 (PDF index) ---
“Even if the ivory god’s side loses, mankind will still pay for their
crimes. Perhaps she decided that this would be the fairest outcome, from a
god’s perspective, and that is why she issued the world quest.”
If that were the case, perhaps we should simply resign ourselves and
accept our punishment.
The thought drains all energy from my body.
All this time, I have worked tirelessly to defend humanity, no matter
the cost.
But in truth this was merely stubbornness: I felt that since we betrayed
Lady Ariel, we must commit to that stance until the bitter end.
And as a result, divine judgment has deemed that humanity must be
punished.
Which means…all this time, I’ve just been…
“I cannot deny the possibility, but it is still a mystery why D decided to
create the world quest. The only way to find out is to ask her directly. We
cannot waste our time on pointless theories and conjecture. Let’s continue
the discussion.”
At Sir Hyrince’s words, I pull myself together.
Although I am not sure what else there is to discuss, since it seems we
cannot come to an agreement…
“…Hyrince, Dustin, that Ronandt fellow, and any interested
reincarnations. Ah, and throw in Balto as a representative of demonkind. I
will allow those people, and only those people, to enter.”
Just as I was about to give up, Lady Ariel makes a proposal that I can
scarcely believe.
“…Are you sure?”
“Isn’t this exactly what you people wanted?”
It is, and yet I am utterly bewildered.
Lady Ariel has no reason to accept our pleas.
Just as she told us multiple times, the ivory god’s side need do nothing
but continue to focus on defending the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
There is no need for her to allow us inside.
Lady Ariel’s offer is all risk and no reward for her faction.
I can understand why she excluded the other ancient dragon chiefs.
They are the only ones who can stand up to the ivory god’s forces at
this point.
But even if we do not pose much of a threat in battle, it is still
dangerous to allow those of us with ruler authority to enter the core of the
Page 164
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 180 (PDF index) ---
system.
The ivory god’s side’s conditions for victory are that the ivory god
herself must win, and they must prevent anyone from entering the system’s
core to prevent its destruction.
Only those with ruler authority can stop the system from being
destroyed.
If she allows anyone with that authority to enter the core, they could
easily do just that.
“Does this mean you have decided to trust us?”
“Of course not. How could I possibly trust you? It’s just that I wouldn’t
mind meeting D and having a few words with her myself.”
If she is acting on her own desires instead of trusting us, that does
somewhat explain her change of heart.
Though I still cannot understand why she would allow such a risky
venture.
“Thank you.”
Still, it is an incredibly fortunate turn of events for us.
Even if this is a trap and I am to be killed, there is nothing else that the
ebony god’s side can do.
My life would be a small sacrifice to make.
“I’ll be waiting in the Great Elroe Labyrinth, then.”
Page 165
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com