--- PAGE 248 (PDF index) ---
After the battle, she and her kin all disappeared without a trace.
It’s said that she spent the last of her days in peace with the goddess
Sariel.
Sophia
After the battle, she and her kin all disappeared without a trace.
Even in the distant future, there are still stories of a vampire’s castle in
the frozen lands to the north.
Merazophis
Disappeared along with Sophia.
It is assumed that he continues to serve Sophia along with his junior,
Wald.
Wrath
After the battle, he disappeared without a trace.
There is no information whatsoever regarding his whereabouts.
Shun
After the battle, he returned to the Analeit Kingdom and supported former
Third Prince Leston, who became the king.
His romantic life from that point on is a mystery, with no known
records.
Yuri
After the battle, she returned to the Holy Kingdom of Alleius, brought
about a revolution, and reformed the Word of God religion as the Church
Page 233
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 249 (PDF index) ---
of Goddess Sariel.
She was appointed the first pontiff of the Church of Goddess Sariel and
devoted herself to its propagation.
Katia
After the battle, she returned to the Analeit Kingdom and resumed her
work as a duke’s daughter and noblewoman.
It’s said she remained good friends as well as rivals with the likes of
Princess Suresia and Pontiff Yuri.
Sue
After the battle, she returned to the Analeit Kingdom and supported her
brother Schlain.
She is said to have remained unmarried all her life, though there are
rumors she had a close relationship with a certain man.
Fei
After the battle, she returned to the Analeit Kingdom and supported her
master Schlain.
She would later come to be revered as the guardian divine beast of the
Analeit Kingdom.
Hugo
After the battle, he disappeared without a trace.
There is no information whatsoever regarding his whereabouts.
Filimøs
After the battle, she traveled from place to place, gathering persecuted
people who inherited the blood of the elves.
She would later construct a “neo” elf village on the location of the old
one.
Anna
After the battle, she remained in the Analeit Kingdom and continued to
serve Schlain.
She later became the mediator between the Analeit Kingdom and the
Page 234
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 250 (PDF index) ---
neo elf village.
Hyrince
After the battle, he returned to the Analeit Kingdom and became a knight,
working only as Hyrince.
He eventually became captain of the knights and devoted all his efforts
to the kingdom.
Dustin
After the battle, he returned to the Holy Kingdom of Alleius, but never
made a complete recovery from his wounds and soon breathed his last.
It is said that the solemn tolling of bells to mourn the loss of a great
hero were heard throughout the world that day.
Kunihiko
After the battle, he settled down in the small village of Uppenbebetenia,
where he was resting.
He and Asaka married and lived out a rather happy life together.
Asaka
She settled down in the village of Uppenbebetenia with Kunihiko.
They made a modest living from farming and various side jobs, and she
obtained quiet happiness.
Shinobu Kusama
After the battle, he returned to the Holy Kingdom of Alleius, where he was
forced to become Yuri’s underling.
He ended up aiding the revolution, running errands for Yuri once she
became the pontiff, and so on.
Ronandt
After the battle, he returned to the Renxandt Empire and continued to work
as the head imperial mage.
His research on continuing to use magic even after skills disappeared
had an enormous impact on the cultural future of magic.
Page 235
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 251 (PDF index) ---
Aurel
She carried on serving as an imperial mage of the Renxandt Empire
without participating in the battle at all.
However, she never married, and continued a life of being dragged into
Ronandt’s ridiculous experiments.
Balto
After the battle, he returned to the demon territory, and devoted his efforts
to rebuilding their race as the leader of demonkind.
His life’s work of pursuing peace and reconciliation with humankind
had a major influence on future generations.
Sanatoria
She worked as Balto’s right-hand woman for a long time, and later married
him.
They supported each other both as coworkers and as husband and wife
for all their lives.
Darad
He was appointed general commander of the reformed demon army and
fought hard to reduce the harm caused by monsters and bandits.
He supported Balto and Sanatoria in both official and personal
capacities.
Phelmina
After the battle, she disappeared without a trace, along with the rest of the
Tenth Army.
It’s said they continued to work behind the scenes as the demon
territory’s secret service, but the truth of this is unknown.
Other Reincarnations
After the battle, they each walked their own paths through life.
Some found humble happiness, while others later carved their names
into history.
Ael, Sael, Riel, Fiel
Page 236
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 252 (PDF index) ---
After the battle, they disappeared without a trace, along with Ariel.
Many long years later, it’s said there were rumors of four maids who
serve a vampire princess in a castle in the far, frozen north.
Sariel
After the battle, Ariel brought her along when she disappeared without a
trace.
Only they can say how they spent the remainder of their lives together.
Güliedistodiez
After the battle, he spent some amount of time with Sariel and Ariel.
None have seen him since, but it’s said he still watches over the world
with the surviving ancient dragons.
Reise
After the battle, they disappeared along with Güliedistodiez and the others.
It has been said that Reise still secretly lives among humans.
Hyuvan
After the battle, he disappeared along with Güliedistodiez and the others.
Some say you can still occasionally catch sight of a dragon soaring
through the skies at impossible speeds.
Nia
After the battle, she disappeared along with Güliedistodiez and the others.
There may or may not be a dragon who sleeps the day away in a castle
in the frozen lands to the north.
Byaku
After the battle, he disappeared along with Güliedistodiez and the others.
Rumor has it that he still travels the world in search of a hero worthy of
wielding the holy sword.
The Nightmare’s Vestiges
They continued to build up a unique ecosystem as a monster species, and
Page 237
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 253 (PDF index) ---
reign at the top of the Great Elroe Labyrinth’s food chain.
They became established as their own line and continued to produce
offspring for generations to come.
Page 238
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com