--- PAGE 154 (PDF index) ---
“Miss Phelmina?”
Returning to my room, I turned to the young lady who had followed me
inside.
I have met Miss Phelmina on occasion since the time that I was
brainwashed.
Now, I was aware that she belonged to an organization quite separate
from the imperial army, but who would have imagined that it was the demon
army?
I suppose when one is brainwashed, one becomes quite oblivious to such
things.
Thus, I must learn from my mistakes by observing everything from all
angles!
“Was everything Shun said earlier true?”
I peer into Miss Phelmina’s eyes as I inquire.
She leans back a little as if to avoid me, but I bring my face that much
closer.
“…Erm, you’re a bit too close.”
“Answer me.”
“I will answer you. Just, could you please step back first?”
Miss Phelmina breaks our staring contest to turn her face away.
Trusting that she will indeed answer me, I retreat a single step.
It is ever so important to be trusting and faithful, after all.
“…Just so you know in advance, I can only tell you what I’ve heard from
Master and the Demon Lord and such. I cannot confirm whether all of it is
true.”
Phelmina sighs and adjusts herself before continuing.
“We have no way of proving whether the current state of this world, the
Page 139
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 155 (PDF index) ---
system, and the events of the past are all accurately conveyed.”
“Of course.”
When she puts it that way, I realize she’s right. Neither of us can prove
whether what we’ve been told by others is true.
In our prior world, there was ample information on the Internet, but much
of that was of questionable accuracy as well.
In fact, we had no way of knowing if even the information we were taught
in school was all true.
It isn’t as if we witnessed these historical events for ourselves, nor have
we personally seen the atoms that we learned about in chemistry.
I am beginning to feel that knowing what is true and what to believe is in
fact quite important.
“But if that’s all right with you, I’d be happy to share what I have been
told, if you would like?”
“Please do.”
“Very well.”
With that, Miss Phelmina told me everything she knew.
She seems to be quite good at explanations: The main points were easy to
follow, and she refrains from peppering in her own opinions or emotions as
she speaks.
Thus, I can easily accept everything she says.
“That’s just about all I know.”
“I see. Thank you.”
Once she finishes, I tilt my head back toward the heavens.
Ah, my mind is such a mess of information, I have no idea what to do
with any of it.
At times like this…
“Huh? Wh-what are you doing?”
Miss Phelmina exclaims in shock, but this sort of thing really calms me
down.
Essentially, I scratched myself with my fingernail.
Yes, across the wrist.
“We need to stop the bleeding! No, wait! Healing Magic!”
Miss Phelmina promptly closes the wound, but the trickle of blood and
memory of pain still linger.
The coldness when my nail broke the skin helps me regain my composure.
Page 140
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 156 (PDF index) ---
Then the pain and spreading warmth of the wound reassure me.
I haven’t done it in such a long time, but I did it quite often in the past.
Since there is Healing Magic in this world, it needn’t even leave a scar.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Pain Mitigation LV 8] has
become [Pain Mitigation LV 9].>
“Ahh…”
I can hear a voice.
The Word of God!
“That’s right. No matter what the truth might be, God will still speak to
us! I can hear the voice of God!”
I reach up toward the sky.
All I can see is the ceiling, but I still stretch toward what lies beyond it!
“My faith is right here! God! O God!”
God is real.
I can hear God’s voice.
I don’t know what is or isn’t true, but this is the one fact that I shall never
doubt!
Even if the Word of God church was built on ostentation and lies, my
faithful heart is realer than ever!
I needn’t have doubted anything!
From the very beginning, I already had my answer, and my faith never
once wavered!
“Let us pray! Let us rejoice! O God! In the name of God! Lady Sariel!
Aah, Lady Sariel!”
Aah! It’s such a thrill to be able to speak that blessed name!
How I wish to share this joy with another!
“Miss Phelmina! Please, join me!”
“Huh?! Um, I, n-no thank you…”
Awww…
Page 141
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com