--- PAGE 157 (PDF index) ---
It all happened so fast.
Shortly after Black and the Demon Lord made amends and the mood
started to lighten…
The Demon Lord’s face became serious again, and at the same time,
Vampy and Mr. Oni gave a startled look into empty space and posed as if
listening carefully.
Let me tell you, I had a bad feeling about this already.
I ordered my clones to hack the system right away.
There, I took a peek at the Divine Voice (temp.) message logs.
Judging by the way these three were acting, I had a feeling the Divine
Voice (temp.) had issued some kind of revelation or something.
And boy, was I right.
Uhh, what’s this now?
World quest activated.
An evil god is plotting to sacrifice humanity in order to prevent the
destruction of the world. You must either prevent this plot or assist with
it.
…Ughhh, damn that D.
Way to throw a wrench into my plans!
Aaaargh!
Seriously, gimme a break! Thanks for nothing!
I figured she’d probably get involved somehow, but I wasn’t expecting
Page 142
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 158 (PDF index) ---
such big, bold interference.
This “evil god” thing is referring to me, right?
But D’s the only evil god around here! What a jerk!
I mean, I kinda suspected that D wouldn’t find it very fun to let things
continue like this.
So I was expecting something like this to happen.
But still, even if it’s not a total surprise, that doesn’t mean I can’t be
pissed about it.
If someone said “I’m gonna punch you right now! Here goes!” and you
braced yourself to be punched, and then they really did punch you and it hurt,
I bet you’d still be pissed, right?
My ideal scenario would’ve been to keep working behind the scenes until
I got the results I wanted.
Long story short, if I could destroy the system without anyone noticing,
I’d win.
By the time people realized what was happening, the system would be
gone, and yeah, maybe a ton of them would die in the process, but at least the
world and the goddess would presumably be saved.
For the biggest victims, aka most of humanity, it would be like a massive
disaster happening out of nowhere…but for me, that’s the easiest and best-
case scenario.
But would D really let things go down that easily?
Yeah, no. Of course not.
In gaming terms, that’d be like if the final boss went sneaking around
behind the scenes, never giving the player the slightest hint of what’s
happening, until they suddenly get a game over.
Who would wanna play that?
At the very least, you’d have to include hints like “The final boss is up to
something! You better stop them or else!”
Then the heroes would stand up to thwart the evil boss’s plans!
You can’t just set a time limit without ever telling the player, letting them
go on some unrelated adventure until they suddenly get a GAME OVER. That’s
just bad game design.
Sure would be easier from the final boss’s point of view, though.
Why should the boss have to give a hint to the heroes, who might very
Page 143
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 159 (PDF index) ---
well try to stop her?
Obviously it’s better to just go about your evil schemes without letting
anyone know.
Games are waaay too unfair to the villain characters, if you ask me.
And while this world has stats and other gamelike features, it’s still
reality.
Does it really have to work like a game, then?
So I sneak around behind the scenes.
Bwah-ha-ha, by the time you realize what’s happening, it’ll already be too
late!
At least…that’s how I was hoping this would go…
This world isn’t a game, it’s true.
But it does have a god who’s basically the game master.
Not to mention a huge pain in my butt.
And now, like it or not, it’s got all the makings of a game’s final stages.
Fine, then.
If I’m the final boss of this game, who’s going to fight against me?
First of all, the pontiff.
The pontiff strives to protect people, specifically the human race.
He’s basically the guardian of humanity.
Since I’m trying to cause harm to humanity now, he’ll definitely oppose
me.
There’s no point trying to convince him otherwise.
It’s impossible to bend that man’s will. The Demon Lord once described
him as “freakishly determined.”
He’s a tough old geezer who’s lived enough lifetimes that you’d be better
off trying to debate a brick wall.
The worst thing about the pontiff is that, on top of the fact that he’ll
definitely oppose me, he also happens to have one of the Ruler skills:
Temperance.
These Ruler privileges, which come with the Seven Deadly Sins and
Seven Heavenly Virtue skills, are the keys to the secret self-destruct feature
of the system.
By opening all these Ruler keys, you can make the system destroy itself.
Theoretically, I could pry open some of those keys by force.
But the truth is that I have no idea what sort of negative repercussions that
Page 144
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 160 (PDF index) ---
might have later.
So I want to play it as safe as possible by collecting all the Ruler keys.
The fact that one of them is definitely on the enemy side is nothing short
of infuriating.
If I want to get the Temperance ruler privilege, I’d have to either talk the
pontiff into handing it over to me or turn him into a dead man.
Aaand like I said, I can’t talk him into squat!
So that’s the pontiff’s fate decided.
The other person who’s definitely gonna oppose me is Balto.
You know, the guy who’s been the Demon Lord’s aide all this time?
Surprised?
You shouldn’t be.
Balto’s been going all out for the demon race his whole life.
His methods might differ, but he’s not unlike the pontiff or Agner, who
worked just as hard for the demons.
Balto only obeyed the Demon Lord because he deemed that the best
choice for the demon race as a whole.
If he learns that the existence of all demons is on the line, he’s sure to
resolve himself to fight off the threat, aka me.
He already made the tough choice to go to war against the humans and
sustain massive casualties, as opposed to challenging the Demon Lord and
getting his race wiped out entirely.
…Although he’ll probably get an ulcer in the process.
So, the pontiff and Balto.
The representatives of the human and demon races are definitely gonna
try to stop me.
In other words, I’m basically making an enemy of the majority of
mankind.
Although considering that the best word to refer to all humans and
demons in combination is “humanoids,” I think it’s pretty clear which
representative is gonna be the biggest pain to deal with.
But there’s one person who’s gonna be a much bigger problem than any
of them—or all of them combined.
“Hrm…”
That person is right in front of me, turning his gaze upward and heaving a
long sigh: Black, also known as Administrator Güliedistodiez.
Page 145
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 161 (PDF index) ---
He remains facing the sky as he speaks to me.
“…I suspected that it might come to this. If you destroy the system, this
world will be saved. I do not think that proposal of yours for salvation is
false. And yet…”
Black trails off for a moment and turns to look steadily into my face.
“There was never any way that this doomed world, only a step away from
destruction, could be completely saved without any sacrifices being made.”
He stands up slowly.
The Demon Lord and Mr. Oni rise as well, looking tense.
Vampy? I mean, she’s still all tied up in my thread, sooo…
“Ariel. As far as what we were discussing before, I can only go on atoning
as I always have. I will continue to devote myself to simply carrying on
Sariel’s will. That is all I have ever done, and all I shall ever do.
Therefore…”
He turns away from me for a moment to look at the Demon Lord.
“If anyone attempts to trample on Sariel’s wishes, I shall not allow it, no
matter who it might be. You still intend to go through with it, do you not?”
The Demon Lord answers without a moment’s hesitation.
“Yeah. We’ve made up our minds. I’m sorry.”
Her instant response speaks volumes to her determination.
“Do not apologize. If anything, I ought to instead. Once again, it has only
come to this because of my own failures.”
Black smiles, gentle and a little sad.
“Sorry.”
He’s been apologizing nonstop this whole time, but that one felt like it
contained the heaviest meanings and emotions of all.
Then he breaks off from all that, his expression going blank, and turns
away from the Demon Lord to face me again.
“Do you remember what I once told you?”
Uh, you’re gonna have to be a little more specific than that.
“If your actions lead to results that run counter to mine, then you shall
likely find me standing in your way.”
I don’t think he knew what I was thinking, exactly, but Black proceeds to
repeat the statement he was referring to.
It’s something he said to me when Sariella and Ohts were at war, or more
specifically, after the Demon Lord showed up there and we had a throwdown.
Page 146
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 162 (PDF index) ---
At the time, the Demon Lord and I were enemies, and Black lent a hand to
the Demon Lord just that once.
Then, once I survived that, he came to apologize to me.
While he was at it, he asked me to stop meddling with the Demon Lord.
I shot him down at the time, but then he got all depressed about how he
couldn’t do anything.
I felt kinda bad, so I told him, “You should do whatever you feel is best.”
(Seems like the kind of advice a certain evil god would give, in retrospect.)
That seemed to put some pep back in his step, but then he gave me the
warning that he’s repeating now.
“It appears that time has now come.”
…Yeah, I figured as much… Damn it all!
Black and I move at almost the exact same time.
He charges straight toward me, raising his fist.
Mr. Oni tries to get in his way, but he’s not fast enough.
Not even an oni can keep up with the speed of a real-deal god like Black.
That goes double for the weakened Demon Lord, who can’t even react in
time.
In those precious milliseconds, I was busy doing whatever I could.
Not about Black, specifically, but about various other things.
Naturally, that means I’m too preoccupied to react to Black’s attack
immediately, and his fist goes right through my chest.
His arm pierces all the way into where my heart should be.
Any normal person would be dead already.
“I know this alone is not enough to kill you.”
But naturally, a god like Black isn’t stupid enough to think he’s finished
me off that easily; he starts in on a follow-up attack.
Instantly, the scene around me rearranges itself.
We’re on a road in some strange, slightly futuristic city.
The Demon Lord and the others are nowhere to be found.
In fact, even though this looks like an urban area, there’s no one else
around at all.
He teleported us.
No, we’re probably not in the same world at all but on a battlefield
constructed in some separate dimension.
Like the home where I keep all my mini-me clones.
Page 147
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 163 (PDF index) ---
Black throws me down onto the hard road of this unnatural space.
Gah!
Even for a god, having my body broken like this is causing significant
damage.
Especially since I’m still a fledgling god myself.
Getting my heart crushed obviously did some major damage.
Not that I’m gonna die or anything!
…Actually, if you really think about it, I went through all kinds of injuries
before I even became a god—getting torn into shreds, floating around as a
disembodied head in the ocean, all that jazz. By comparison, getting my heart
pierced isn’t even that big a deal, is it?
At any rate, I’m totally fine with this degree of damage.
That doesn’t mean I enjoy getting beat down like this, though!
Ugh! This guy’s merciless!
But I guess I always knew it was probably gonna come to this eventually.
It’s just a matter of priorities, and ours happen to be very different.
The Demon Lord and I care more about the goddess’s ongoing existence.
Black and the goddess care more about the goddess’s wishes.
We’re trying to save the goddess’s life and ignoring her wishes in the
process.
He’s trying to respect the goddess’s wishes, even if it means letting her
disappear.
Since our goals are in direct conflict, we were bound to clash.
Man, what a pain, though.
The goddess is the one who’s making the biggest mess of all this,
y’know?
Here we are, trying to save her life, yet she’s trying to sacrifice her whole
existence for the sake of mankind and all that crap.
The person we’re trying to rescue doesn’t even want to be saved.
Plus, our method of saving her is sacrificing most of mankind, in direct
opposition to her wishes.
Of course she’d get mad about that.
What we’re trying to do probably does seem evil from an outsider’s
perspective.
But we’re still gonna do it.
Because that’s what the Demon Lord wants.
Page 148
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 164 (PDF index) ---
She’s the one who decided to do it, even if it means turning the whole
world against her, even if the person she’s trying to save would hate her for
it.
And why shouldn’t the Demon Lord have someone on her side?
So I made up my mind and all, but come on!
This still seems awfully harsh, dude!
Sure, I figured I was probably gonna have to fight Black eventually, but I
wasn’t expecting it to happen so soon!
Gimme some more time to get ready here, will ya?!
You realize I’m still running around dealing with the aftermath of the
battle with the elves, right?!
How am I supposed to be fully prepared if you come at me with such
inconsiderate timing?!
Damn you, D!
Always trying to put me at a disadvantage!
I roll to the side just in time to avoid being crushed by Black’s leg.
It makes a crazy BOOM! as it crashes into the ground where I was just
standing.
Cracks form in the perfectly level ground below.
But I can’t assume it wasn’t so bad just because the ground didn’t smash
to pieces.
We’re in a dimension of Black’s creation.
If I assume the laws of physics work the same way here, I’m in for a
world of pain.
I’m guessing my bones would’ve been broken to splinters if that hit me.
Still rolling away, I catch my hands on the ground and hop to my feet.
The giant hole in my chest has closed.
Any god worth her salt could instantly regenerate from a wound like that.
But still, time out for a second!
I lean back and just barely manage to dodge Black’s fist as it flies toward
my face!
A perfect Ina Bauer!
Or maybe it’s more like The Matrix!
Either way, I let my hands hit the ground for a flawless bridge pose!
Then I shimmy away like that, The Exorcist style!
What, that’s creepy?
Page 149
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 165 (PDF index) ---
Like I’ve got time to worry about that!
Black, buddy, you could at least hold back a little!
You turn on me the second D sends out that stupid world quest thing, then
toss me into your own territory and attack me before I can even stand up?
It’s no fair if the stronger guy pulls something like that!
If you know you’re better than I am, you could at least have the decency
to be overconfident, like everyone’s favorite golden king!
You’re not even a king, you’re a freaking god!
While I’m scuttling away, Black catches up to me instantly and kicks me
in the back, sending me flying upward.
GWOOMPH!
Um, I don’t think bodies are supposed to make that sound!
Hello?! This might actually be bad news!
As my body goes sailing into the air, Black’s fist strikes again.
It goes straight through the center of my chest, piercing through me just
like before.
Ha-ha-ha.
So much for the defensive barrier I put up…
I guess this is no laughing matter.
This situation is getting even more serious than I thought.
My limbs feel as slow as if I’m moving underwater, and I can’t seem to
defend myself, either.
I think the former is because this is a field Black created.
As long as the master of the field is here, I won’t be able to use my full
strength.
And the reason my defenses aren’t working is that Black’s barrier is
canceling mine out.
He’s got the realest kind of Dragon Barrier, the one only actual dragons
can use: an overpowered barrier that cancels out all kinds of conjurings, no
exceptions.
As a defense, it can nullify any attack conjurings; as an attack, it can break
right through the enemy’s defenses, like he did just now.
Seriously, it’s straight-up cheating.
No fair.
He’s got this super-OP cheat power, and he’s using it with perfect
precision to try to kill me.
Page 150
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 166 (PDF index) ---
Even though I’m far from perfectly prepared myself!
Man, I can’t deal with a superior opponent who doesn’t let his guard
down due to hubris.
I always figured that if the time ever came for a final showdown with
Black, I would lure him into my own territory first thing, but now he’s beaten
me at my own damn game?
No waaay.
Ugh.
Okay, complaining won’t get me anywhere.
I guess I’ve got no choice.
This isn’t even remotely how I hoped it would go, but that doesn’t change
what I have to do.
Just gotta beat Black down and put my world-restoring plan into action.
“Hrmm.”
I grab Black’s arm—which is still pierced through my chest, by the way.
At the same time, I transform my lower body into spider form and slash at
him with my scythe-shaped front legs.
Black shakes free from my grip, yanks his arm out, and jumps back.
The effects of this field slowed my scythes, making them easy to dodge.
Even if they had hit, he probably would’ve been fine, thanks to his
Dragon Barrier.
I guess that means he’s being extra cautious of me.
Luckily, that put some distance between us—even if that doesn’t mean
much, since this is Black’s territory.
A field created by a god is basically an extension of that god’s body, after
all.
It gives him an advantage and me a disadvantage.
As long as we’re in here, he’s always gonna have a leg up.
That doesn’t mean I’m gonna take it lying down, though.
White spiders begin crawling up out of my shadow.
Tons and tons of them.
As each spider appears, the field warps around us, like they’re eating
away at the space.
“Not a chance!”
Black raises a fist and charges, but the white spiders scatter before him.
Of course, I jump back to avoid his attack, too.
Page 151
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 167 (PDF index) ---
The scattered white spiders call in more spiders, and those bring in even
more.
White spiders keep multiplying all around us.
And all of them are eating up the field Black created.
“So many…”
Heh-heh-heh!
Did you think I was just getting beaten up for no reason?!
…Okay, yeah.
I was getting my butt handed to me pretty good.
But, I was also putting my clones into action, making arrangements for
them to break into Black’s field!
The hole in my chest closes again.
Whew. Now the real fight begins!
I have no memory of getting beaten up this whole time!
“Tch!”
Black scowls.
He keeps trying to attack my main body, but I’m steadily retreating,
keeping distance between us.
His attack speed and my retreat speed are evenly matched.
My body isn’t slowed down like it was before.
A battle between two spatial conjuring masters is sort of like a game of
Othello.
It’s all about expanding your own territory and preventing your opponent
from expanding theirs.
And right now, my white spider clones are taking over Black’s field at a
remarkable rate, turning it into my own.
Bwah-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I didn’t perfect my abilities for nothing, y’know!
Bow before my extremely specialized skills!
As Black keeps speeding after me, I avoid him by retreating at equal
speed.
Meanwhile, the clones keep summoning other clones, overwriting Black’s
territory.
I’m relieved to see that my command of spatial conjuring seems to
outmatch his.
If it didn’t, I wouldn’t stand a chance in this battle.
Page 152
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 168 (PDF index) ---
I’ve got to at least be able to hold my own in spatial conjuring or I’d
already be screwed.
You can tell how important and nasty fields are by how badly I was
getting beaten down when I first got dragged into this field.
It’s basically like buffing yourself and debuffing your opponent.
If you’ve got no way to fight back against that, you’re going down in no
time.
Which is why spatial conjuring is a crucial ability for gods.
This is all just the prerequisites to try to fight a powerful god, though; I’ve
basically just made it to the starting line.
If I didn’t have equal or better skills in spatial conjuring, I wouldn’t be
qualified to fight him.
I’m glad mine are better, but that still basically gets canceled out by all the
damage I took from his initial attack.
Since he got the first move, I’m behind on developing my own field.
While I’m managing to take over his field now, it’s not as fast as I’d like
it to be.
I’ve got to be prepared for a long fight if I have any hope of taking over
the whole thing.
So on that note, my current situation is still reeeeeally bad.
I assumed from the start that I would be as good or better at spatial
conjuring, and I was right about that.
But I’ve taken more damage because he got the first move; instead of
luring him into my territory, we started off in his.
On top of that, Black is stronger than I am.
For me to defeat a stronger opponent, I’ve got to get the home field
advantage in my favor.
Since I haven’t managed that, I’m in trouble.
“Hrm?!”
The thread strung between buildings twines around Black’s body.
My clones put these spiderwebs here in advance.
And it’s no ordinary thread, of course.
I used spatial conjuring in the process to make the thread virtually
impossible to cut.
Once you’ve gotten caught in this thread, there’s no getting out.
Or at least, there’s not supposed to be…
Page 153
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 169 (PDF index) ---
Black waves his arm casually.
That alone is enough to break through my prized threads and destroy
them.
Damn that cheat barrier!
My threads are made with conjuring, so they don’t work on Black’s
Dragon Barrier, which erases any and all conjurings.
I knew that going in, but I was still hoping I’d get to see an all-powerful
god getting stuck in a spiderweb and flailing around helplessly. No such luck,
huh?
Well, that was really just a bonus, with the main goal being to buy a little
time.
In the mere seconds that the thread distracts him, I put more distance
between me and Black.
For right now, my top priority is buying time until I can turn Black’s field
into my own.
Fighting back can wait until that’s done.
In fact, it’s gonna have to, because I don’t have a second to spare for that
right now!
I don’t have many tricks up my sleeve, after all.
Honestly, I think I’m probably underqualified to be a god.
I’ve got spatial conjuring, clones, and Evil Eyes.
That’s pretty much it.
So I create my home field with spatial conjuring, hide in there, and use
my countless clones to drown the opponent in Evil Eyes.
I don’t have much else in the way of attack methods.
Part of the problem is that I didn’t have much time to learn any other ways
to fight a very real, very powerful god.
I mean, I’m a newbie god who just got deified recently. The only way I
can take on a big veteran god like Black is to pick one single thing to focus
on and hopefully beat him at.
If I started busting out every half-assed trick in the book, I figured it
would all amount to nothing.
So I decided to focus on my specialties, spatial conjuring and Evil Eyes.
Thing is, it’s a bit of a gamble.
I’ve basically only got the one attack method, Evil Eyes, so if he finds a
way to neutralize that, I’m pretty much doomed.
Page 154
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 170 (PDF index) ---
I don’t think it’s the kind of thing you could cancel out that easily, but it’s
not impossible.
So when I fought Potimas’s weapons, I tried not to let him see my moves.
As a test, I have one of my clones use Evil Eyes on him.
“Ngh!”
Oh? Did it work?
Judging by his reaction, it doesn’t look like Black has any way of
blocking my Evil Eyes.
That’s certainly a relief, but I need my clones to focus on overwriting the
field right now. I can’t waste time using Evil Eyes.
That first move really made a huge difference.
Now my home and my Evil Eyes are both out of reach, putting me on the
defensive.
But on the flip side, that also means that even though I’m at a major
disadvantage, I’m still managing to hold my own.
Sure, I got my butt kicked at first and lost a ton of magic in the process,
but I was able to get back on my feet easily enough.
Honestly, the fact that I didn’t take more damage feels like a stroke of
luck, given that I figured a single hit might even kill me.
Black’s attack power isn’t as high as I thought.
And since he’s still trying to get up close, he must not have any powerful
long-distance attacks, either.
I guess Black is more of a defensive-type god, with his Dragon Barrier
and all.
Gods are totally unfair by nature.
Like, even if you manage to hurt them, they’ll fully recover in no time
flat.
Even my body has already healed from the damage Black did.
So doing anything to physically hurt a god is really difficult.
Whether you crush their heart or blow their head off, they’ll just go right
back to normal.
But of course, even a god will lose the power to think for a few seconds if
they lose their head.
Unless they come prepared in advance to automatically recover.
I’ve got a counterstrategy for that kind of thing myself, so I’m sure
anyone who calls themselves a god does, too.
Page 155
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 171 (PDF index) ---
There are only a few methods for defeating a god like that.
You can break them down broadly into two categories: wearing them
down, or shattering their souls.
The best examples I know of the latter are Heresy Attacks and Abyss
Magic.
Leave it to D to casually build in skills that could defeat a god.
That wasn’t very cash money of her.
What the hell was she thinking?
Anyway, that method is way too advanced for me.
Yet D is out there letting people who aren’t even gods use it.
That wasn’t very cash money of her.
Seriously, what the hell was she thinking?
I had to say that twice, because it’s very important.
A soul is the very core of a living being.
Even a god can’t go on living if their soul gets destroyed.
It’s like the true form of a god, really.
So that’s the basic flow of a fight between gods.
Get a way to destroy your opponent’s soul and a way to keep them from
destroying yours.
Figure out a method that works on them and find an opening to use it.
At least, that’s how it’s supposed to be.
But widdle old me can’t do thaaat.
I basically became a god through some weird cheat code, leaving me
without any special secret powers.
So my only available method is the other one: wearing them down.
Wear down what exactly, you ask?
Energy, of course.
That’s the driving force for any god.
If the soul is a god’s heart, energy is a god’s blood.
They use it to perform all kinds of miracles.
Instantly healing a fatal wound is one such use of energy.
Naturally, if they run out of energy, they can’t do that anymore.
In other words, they’ll die.
Thanks to my Evil Eyes, I specialize in stealing that energy.
I slowly whittle away at my opponents, like poison working its way
through their body.
Page 156
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 172 (PDF index) ---
But see, there’s just one problem with this method…
Like, “god” is basically just a being with a crazy amount of energy stored
up, right?
And like, I’ve gotta suck all that energy dry, right?
It’s gonna take a ton of time, isn’t it?
Yeah, you know it.
This wearing-down method takes a reeeeally long time.
Plus, Black has that damn Dragon Barrier.
I don’t think it can block my Evil Eyes completely, but it’s bound to slow
down the effects.
Plus, I’m still busy preparing my base for that plan.
Black doesn’t have the firepower to take me down in one hit, either.
All this can only add up to one thing: an extremely drawn-out battle.
We’re basically starting an endurance marathon to see who runs out of
strength first.
Oof. That’s no fun…
How many days is it gonna take for this to end?
No, it might even take months…
Probably not years, or at least, I sure hope not.
If it did come to that, I can guarantee I’d be the first to crash.
I gotta set things up so Black’s the one to go down.
The reason I was working so hard before I got tossed into this dimension
was that I knew this battle was gonna take ages.
Since I’m gonna be totally preoccupied with this fight for a while, I
wanted to hurry up and finish everything else I needed to take care of first.
Although I ended up letting Black get the first move because of that.
Plus, since I was in such a hurry, I pretty much just dropped the rest of my
work in everyone else’s lap.
But there’s nothing else I can do now except hope they can handle it.
I’m worried, of course, but I don’t have a second to spare thinking about
it.
After all, my opponent is Black, the strongest god in this world by a wide
margin.
He’s the strongest opponent I’ve ever faced, too.
Frankly, it was probably a bad idea for a fledgling god like me to take him
on.
Page 157
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 173 (PDF index) ---
But ever since I became a god, I’ve been training for this moment.
Don’t you dare assume that I’m gonna go down easily.
It’s no exaggeration to say that the outcome of this battle will affect the
course of the entire world.
All right, let’s settle this once and for all, Black and White!
…I better set my backup plan into motion, though.
Page 158
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com