--- PAGE 212 (PDF index) ---
Here in the Holy Kingdom of Alleius, the headquarters of the Word of God
religion, the administration is in more chaos than ever before.
We have mobilized all our users of Fartalk, the advanced version of the
Telepathy skill, to make contact with our Fartalk users who are deployed in
other lands.
This is how the Word of God has spread its information network across
the world; generally, it is used such that word makes its way back to me if
anything has happened, but today it is the opposite.
My goal this time is to use the network to disseminate information.
“I care not what sophistry it takes! Use any means necessary! We must
persuade the populace to offer their prayers to Lord Black Dragon, the ebony
god! Raise a mob if you must, whatever it takes!”
The Fartalk users shout these messages with spit flying from their mouths.
We have that so-called world quest to blame for all this.
Or perhaps to thank, I suppose.
When “sequence 1” distributed Taboo to the entire population, I was
deeply distressed.
Once they saw that information, they would realize what the Word of God
religion was doing.
And then they would surely be disillusioned with the Word of God.
I had long since prepared for the possibility of the church losing its
authority.
Based on the reason it was founded, and everything it has done thus far, it
was always bound to fall in one way or another.
But it is far too soon for that now.
I cannot afford to lose the church, my greatest power, not yet.
Page 197
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 213 (PDF index) ---
The Word of God church must carry on at least long enough to see the
outcome of Lord Black Dragon’s fight.
The “world quest sequence 1” completely ruined my hopes of that.
But then “world quest sequence 2” showed me a light at the end of the
tunnel.
I cannot do anything to stop the downfall of the Word of God church.
But the masses are still in confusion.
All this time, the Word of God has been a foundation of unshakable faith
for its believers.
Soon enough, they will turn away from us, but right now they are yet
willing to listen.
This is a race against time.
I must convince as many people as possible to pray for Lord Black
Dragon before their hearts harden toward the church.
Once enough time passes, the confusion settles, and the people calm their
minds, they will surely censure the church for trying to induce them so, but I
always knew that the church would one day fall.
It is only happening somewhat sooner than expected; that is all.
Certainly, I would not have chosen this as the ideal time to be forced to let
go of the asset I call the Word of God religion.
But I shall simply have to make the best of it.
“Your Grace!”
One of the Fartalk users comes running over to me with a grave face.
It is clear at a glance that he does not bear good news.
“Is there a problem?”
“Yes. I’m afraid a church has been destroyed by someone.”
“So one population has already resorted to such measures…”
I was expecting as much.
When people feel betrayed by something they trusted, they are possessed
of a powerful hatred.
The stronger their attachment, the deeper their anger becomes.
So what might happen when they learn that they were betrayed by the
church they once turned to for comfort, the basis of their beliefs?
It is all too easy to imagine.
“No, Your Grace. It seems it was not a matter of the masses forming a
mob.”
Page 198
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 214 (PDF index) ---
“What?”
This answer I was not expecting.
What in the world happened, then?
“An enormous flying saucer appeared overhead, and the church was
destroyed as it passed, I am told.”
“…So that is how it is.”
A giant saucer that flies through the air.
There is only one person who possesses such a thing.
Or at least, there was, I suppose.
Potimas Harrifenas.
This must be a weapon of his creation.
And now that he is dead, the only person who could have requisitioned
that weapon is the one who defeated him: Lady Ariel.
It follows, then, that Lady Ariel is the one who destroyed the church.
“Your Grace!”
Another Fartalk user calls out to me.
“Was your church destroyed by a flying saucer as well?”
“Y-yes…”
“And the location?”
I confirm the towns where the churches were destroyed, and I compare
their locations on a map.
As I do so, more and more reports of the same nature arise.
It moves quite quickly, then.
I should expect no less of a weapon created by Potimas.
Though it pains me to admit it, he was an exceptional talent.
“…So it makes straight for the Great Elroe Labyrinth, does it?”
Upon calculating its trajectory, I find that the flying saucer is headed
directly for the world’s largest labyrinth.
It appears to be destroying any churches it happens to pass over in the
process.
Yes, only as it happens.
Destroying the churches is not her main goal, only a means of
inconveniencing me in some trifling way.
Ariel’s true intention is to reach the Great Elroe Labyrinth before my
people can do so.
Aside from the battle between gods, the World Quest menu described one
Page 199
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 215 (PDF index) ---
other method of preventing the ruin of the system.
<The destruction of the system can only be accomplished through the system
core room deep within the Great Elroe Labyrinth. The ivory god has already
begun preparations for this destruction; the only way to prevent it is to defeat the
ivory god, or for those who hold ruler privileges to access the security keys
within the system core and implement an emergency shutdown.>
In other words, someone with a ruler skill must personally travel deep into
the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
I have one such ruler skill.
The surest way would be to go myself.
It appears that Lady Ariel understands this as well.
That must be why she is making her way there ahead of me, to prepare to
intercept me.
She must have determined that I was geographically closer.
At this rate, Lady Ariel and her entourage will no doubt reach the Great
Elroe Labyrinth first.
I suppose it was a failing on my part to delay my departure because Lord
Black Dragon is currently occupying Lady White, who has complete
command over teleportation.
…No, perhaps not.
At that time, I did not yet understand Lady Ariel’s true aim.
While I had my suspicions, I could not afford to betray her while we were
still cooperating in order to take down Potimas together.
There is no point in regretting that now.
At this point, it is all too clear that Lady Ariel will arrive at the Great
Elroe Labyrinth before me and take up a position there to intercept my forces.
I must deal with the situation at hand first.
“What is the situation in the areas where a church has been destroyed?”
“It seems there are whispered suspicions that it might be an act of divine
punishment.”
Yes, I suspected as much.
I can scarcely blame the masses for reaching such a conclusion upon
witnessing something beyond human comprehension, like a flying saucer
Page 200
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 216 (PDF index) ---
destroying a church at a time like this.
Lady Ariel is speeding the decay of their trust in the Word of God, if only
to torment me.
“What should we do? At this rate…”
“…Have the priests in those locations declare that they are supporting the
ivory god.”
“Pardon?”
The Fartalk users stare at me in disbelief.
But this is the only option at hand.
We are far past the point of being scrupulous, even if some might think
me wicked for it.
In the areas where people are losing faith in the Word of God religion
more quickly, what will happen if the priests declare their belief in Lady
White?
Surely many of them will rebel by praying for Lord Black Dragon instead.
“Bid them give speeches that will incite the masses to a furor. And have
them invoke the name of the ivory god as they do so.”
What will happen to the priests who give such speeches…?
But no, it must be done.
Perhaps sensing my determination, the Fartalk users begin to relay my
message.
…I am sorry.
The fault is all my own.
Yet that is precisely why I must carry out my duty fully to the very end.
If Lady Ariel is to arrive at the Great Elroe Labyrinth first, then so be it.
I shall press on to ensure that as many prayers are given to Lord Black
Dragon as possible, even if I cannot outmaneuver her.
After all, I did run in a presidential election and win, so very long ago.
None can outmatch me when it comes to collecting votes.
Page 201
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com