--- PAGE 9 ---
STARTING WITH A BANG
Gwaaaaah!
I tried to scream just now, but I actually can’t even manage a groan.
Is my body messed up that badly?
Okay, calm down.
I don’t feel any pain.
The last thing I remember is the onslaught of sudden, monstrous agony in
the middle of Classical Literature class.
I probably fainted because of that, but no part of me feels hurt at the
moment.
That said, even when I open my eyes, everything is pitch-black. I have no
idea where I am.
In fact, I can barely move at all, like something’s wrapped around my
body.
No, not hypothetically. Like, I can literally tell. I really am bound in
something, some material that’s hard but has a little give to it.
I can just faintly hear some rustling sounds from outside.
Okay, what’s going on here? Have I been kidnapped?
No, let’s be real.
What would anyone get out of kidnapping a bottom-of-the-barrel girl like
me?
Well, regardless of how sketchy this situation is, I only need to escape.
That’s when I hear a loud CRACK.
Oh-ho! When I pushed my weight against the thing covering me, it started
to break.
All right, time to finish the job and get out of here!

--- PAGE 10 ---
Putting more power into it, I burst right through, scrabbling out headfirst.
Sweet freedom!
The view before my eyes is crawling with spiders.
Wuuuuuh?! Whyyyyyyyy?! Ewww!!
What is with this freaking army of spiders?! Um, excuse me, but why are
they all as big as me?! Oh gross, more of them keep popping out of these
egg-looking things! Is that what the rustling was coming from?!
Instinctively, I shrink away. My leg bumps into something, and I turn to
look.
Hmm?
Is this…it? The thing I crawled out of earlier? Uh…why does it kind of
resemble the eggs this spider legion was bursting out of? No, it doesn’t
merely look like that—it is one, isn’t it?
I look down at myself more carefully. My neck won’t move. Despite that,
at the edge of my peripheral vision, I can see what appear to be my legs.
……Spider legs.
Oooooookay, dooon’t paaaaniiiiiic!!!
Th-this isn’t what I think it is, right?! Is it, though?! The thing that’s
super-popular online right now?!
No! Unreal!
This can’t be happening, right? Please, say it’s not happening!
I glance down again. There are thin, wiry legs, just like those of the
spiders wriggling around me.
Concentrating, I try moving them. The spider appendages move
accordingly.
Yep. I have to face the facts.
Apparently, I’ve been reincarnated as a spider.
Unreal.
But right when I feel ready to break down, I hear some crunching noises.
Disturbing ones, actually.
Hmm.
It won’t do me any good to ignore reality. Right in front of me is a

--- PAGE 11 ---
humongous army of spiders, probably my brothers and sisters. Whatever
those sounds are, they’re probably coming from them.
I slowly bring myself to take in the scene before me. There, one of the
spiders is noisily devouring its buddy.
Aaaack! The hell are these guys doing?! Seriously, they’re eating each
other? Cannibalism?!
As I look on, my siblings begin a bloodbath in their fierce competition for
survival.
No, no, no, no! This is bad, this is baaad!
Why should we have to fight one another like this, my brothers and
sisters?! Ah, right—for food. I guess they’re hungry. Speaking of, I could use
something to eat myself.
HUH?! That’s a scary train of thought.
Reality got away from me for a moment there. On a battlefield like this,
an innocent high school girl like me could fall prey to the wicked ways of
men in an instant! Metaphorically and literally!
Times like this call for running like hell.
Fighting? Not happening.
I’m a natural-born homebody. There’s no way I could ever challenge
something so gross and violent. Ah. I just remembered that’s what I am now.
Okay.
Instead of wasting time thinking about stupid crap, I figure I’d better get a
move on. But apparently it’s a little too late for that. The ground is ominously
rumbling beneath my feet. Now what?! The sounds and tremors are coming
from behind. Turning around, I find myself looking up at an enormous, giant
spider.
Ooh, might you be Mother? Or perhaps Father?
Whatever.
I’m getting all confused again. Seriously, though—why is it so huge?!
This massive arachnid has got to be dozens of times larger than me.
Maybe I’m remembering wrong, but I feel pretty confident there weren’t
any spiders this big on Earth!
Ah.

--- PAGE 12 ---


--- PAGE 13 ---
With a brisk snap, the titan skewers a smaller one of its kind with a claw
and devours it.
Sort of like she’s having a light snack.
Et tu, Mother…?!
Well, I’ll think about all this later on. For now, my only goal is to get out
of here safely and try to survive!
I run away at full speed. Only when I’m so tired I can barely move do I
finally calm down. Luckily, when I turn to check, I find that nobody chased
after me.
Oof, I thought I was gonna die. It would’ve sucked to get killed after only
being alive for a couple minutes.
Anyway…now that I’ve come to my senses a little, I have a lot to think
about.
First of all, why did I die?
Actually, now that I think about it, I don’t necessarily know for sure that
my life ended at all.
I sort of decided on my own that I died and got reincarnated as a spider,
but it’s not like I actually remember kicking the bucket.
Pretty sure my last memory is of the Classical Literature teacher, who we
called Ms. Oka, reading aloud from the textbook.
I’d been dozing off a little when suddenly I was overwhelmed by crushing
agony, and then I have no memories of what happened after.
If I did die, it was probably because of that mysterious pain, but…
…I have no idea what caused it at all.
At any rate, the most likely conclusion is still that I died at that moment
and was reincarnated as a spider.
Other than that, I guess it’s possible that I’m alive, and my spirit is
currently possessing a spider, or something similar.
Like, maybe my original body is in a vegetative state, lying on a hospital
bed right now.
Or here’s an even crazier idea: Maybe I’m not the real me at all, just some
total stranger who happens to have the memories of another person.
Maybe the real me is sitting in class like usual, even now.
Well.
It’s not like there’s any way for me to know for sure. How can I prove I’m
not who I think I am, anyway?

--- PAGE 14 ---
I’ll end up spouting incomprehensible nonsense like “I think therefore I
am” and stuff.
Besides, the most likely conclusion from the evidence is the ridiculous
idea that I’ve been reincarnated, so I may as well throw common sense to the
wind.
At any rate, better put all this aside for now.
In the spirit of “I think, therefore I am,” I’m just going to assume that I am
in fact myself until proven otherwise.
So apparently, I’m a spider now. There’s definitely no denying that
anymore.
While I was running away, I was able to hop and jump in ways a human
never could.
So if I’m a spider, what was up with that hulk I saw before?
Hmm.
Given the circumstances, maybe it really was one of my arachnid parents?
I don’t know the specifics of spider biology, but I don’t think it’s that unusual
in nature for animals to eat their young. The other spiders were clearly
cannibalistic right from birth, so the parent eating its children shouldn’t be all
that surprising.
If that giant spider was one of my parents, I wonder if that means I’ll be
that size, too, someday?
Thinking about it makes me feel a little sick.
Okay, forget that part. Let’s get back on track.
Let’s see. Really, there’s one thing that I’m particularly hung up on.
Specifically, the fact that I’m a monster.
The whole “reincarnation” genre is pretty popular in web novels and stuff
right now, so I guess it isn’t that alien an idea.
Getting reincarnated as a monster, I mean.
So the question is: Am I a normal Earth species, or is this not Earth at all
but a parallel world, where I’ve been reborn as a beast?
Judging by that huge spider from before, my guess would lean toward the
latter, but then the difficulty level of surviving here would probably go way
up.
This isn’t getting me anywhere. I don’t have enough information to parse
what’s going on.
Is this Earth or not? Am I a monster or just a normal spider? If this is a

--- PAGE 15 ---
different world, what kind of world is it?
There’s a mountain of things I want to know, but I have no way of finding
out.
Ahh, if only this were a novel or something, I’d probably have an
Appraisal skill that would help me figure it out…
<Number of skill points currently in possession: 100. Number of skill points required to acquire
skill [Appraisal LV 1]: 100. Acquire skill?>
Whoa. What? …For real? A mechanical voice completely devoid of
emotion suddenly echoed in my mind. That’s surprising in more ways than
one.
First, that I’m hearing voices at all.
Secondly, that these “skills” exist here.
Obviously, there’s no such skill system on Earth, and I’ve never heard any
voices announcing things in my head before now.
So does that mean this isn’t Earth? Probably, yeah.
I guess that gives my “I’m a monster” theory a lot more weight.
Being a monster in a parallel world seems like a recipe for death, but let’s
not think about that. Nope, nope, nope.
More importantly, it’s really real. The Appraisal skill actually does exist!
Whoo-hoo! Now we’re talking! Finally this is starting to feel like a proper
fantasy reincarnation story! Obviously, my answer is “YES!”
<[Appraisal LV 1] acquired. Remaining skill points: 0.>
Apparently, that used up all my skill points, but I decide not to worry
about that for now.
Forget! About! That!
It’s time to use my brand-spanking-new Appraisal skill to examine the
crap out of my surroundings!
I pick a nearby rock at random, trying to think [Appraise] as I focus on it.
It worked! Information flows smoothly into my mind.
<Stone>
…Hmm? Wait, what? That’s all?
No, no, no.
That can’t be right, can it? I probably just failed because it’s my first time.

--- PAGE 16 ---
Let me try again…
<Stone>
…Huh? Is that seriously it?
No, no, no, no.
It must be that this stone doesn’t have any valuable information because
it’s just an ordinary rock! This time, I decide to test my skill on a wall.
Maybe that’ll tell me something about the area I’m in. If I could get an area
name like “Such-and-Such Cave” and a little description or something
similar, I’d definitely feel a lot better.
<Wall>
………I’m not even going to say anything.
I should’ve considered the fact that the skill name, [Appraisal LV 1], went
out of its way to mention its level.
For all intents and purposes, this seems to mean a level-1 skill won’t
provide me with any useful results.
Maybe raising the level will improve it, but I’ve used up all my skill
points.
Argh! I can’t believe I blew everything on a useless ability!
I don’t know what other skills were available, but for all I know there
might’ve been some that would’ve actually been useful at level 1!
No, I should look at it the other way. If this is what Appraisal is like at
level 1, surely any other level-1 skill would’ve been just as ineffective. Yeah,
let’s go with that. Otherwise, I won’t be able to live with myself.
Ugh. Unreal.
At this point, I figure I might as well Appraise myself.
<Spider       Nameless>
Hmm? I knew it would say “Spider,” of course, but why “Nameless”?
“I am a spider. As yet I have no name.” Is it a Natsume Souseki kinda
thing?
I mean, I had a name in my previous life, but I guess I don’t anymore,
since I’m a spider now.
I better put aside my useless Appraisal skill for the time being. If
anything, it’s only increasing the number of mysteries.
Such as the skill points I used to gain the Appraisal skill. Presumably, I
could acquire more skills by saving up more points. I have no idea how to go
about acquiring any, though.

--- PAGE 17 ---
Between levels, skills, and skill points, this world feels very video game–
esque.
I mean, that could be kinda fun, right?
Although I don’t know if I can afford to have any fun at the moment.
Whatever. I’m getting hungry.
There’s no point in hanging around the same place forever, so I’ll just
have to get a move on and see if I can find something to eat.
I thought I’d just walk around for a while, but this cave is WAY too big!
This is all relative to my size, of course, but the ceiling is so high I can
barely make anything out, and the width is just as absurd.
The random scattered rocks help give a little sense of variety, at least, but
it still seems pretty darn spacious for a cave. Eventually, I find a path that
branches off.
Climbing onto a fairly sizable rock, I try squinting down the path. There’s
something there…! From what I can tell, it’s a bunch of monsterish creatures
milling around.
<Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer>
<Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Deer> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat>
<Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat>
<Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat>
<Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Bat > <Bat> <Bat> <Bat> <Wolf> <Wolf> <Wolf> <Wolf> <Wolf>
<Wolf>…
Ouch! Was that a migraine?! My stupid Appraisal skill must’ve gone off
on its own, because that sudden explosion of information made my head hurt.
I mean, they do seem kinda like deer if I look real hard, but I don’t
remember the deer in my world having such shiny, sharp-looking horns. And
the “bats” flapping around in the air look more like hideous rodents sprouting
devil wings. The wolves, at least, seem normal…except now I see that they
have six legs.
Am I supposed to pass through here? Yeah, right. I’m just a tiny newborn
spider. The difficulty level is way too high.
I stealthily crawl back down from the rock.
So…there are real monsters. This really isn’t Earth.
Not to mention, if those so-called deer and wolves are the same size as

--- PAGE 18 ---
they would be on Earth…
Don’t think about it! Don’t think about it!
Okay, now what?
Ahead of me is a gauntlet of monsters. Behind me is spider hell. Is this for
real? Am I in checkmate?
Okay, okay. Calm down, please.
I thought this kind of thing might happen, so I prepared an alternative
strategy for just such an occasion.
Well, it actually isn’t anything that fancy. I just happened to find a
different path earlier. The smaller side road would have been easy to miss
because it was right next to this huge one, an unassuming little hole in the
wall. Nevertheless, it’s about ten feet around, so I’ll fit through without a
problem.
On that note, I still need to look for food. Hopefully I’ll find a way out of
this cave, too.
With that decided, time to head out!
This triumphant departure on the next leg of my journey is going great,
except that I immediately get lost.
Hoo, boy. Can I say it again? This cave is way too big! Seriously, what’s
with this huge labyrinth?
Why are there so many freaking paths branching off everywhere?
How many, you ask? I gave up counting after it went past ten.
I’m encountering more than my fair share of monsters, too. And since I
immediately run away each time, I’ve completely lost track of where I came
from.
Ugh…unreal.
If I want to get anywhere in this labyrinth, I’ll seriously need a map. No
way am I going to find an exit at this rate.
And then I discover something totally crazy.
There’s footprints on the ground. Human footprints.
I can distinctly make out a couple sets of footprints. Which means people
have passed through this place. In fact, this is proof that humans exist in this
world at all. The big revelation is making me a little emotional.
But now I’m noticing something a little bit…no, more like reeeally
alarming.
My body is so much larger than these footprints.

--- PAGE 19 ---
Judging by the size of whoever made these tracks, my own body must be
at least three feet tall…
Nah, I’m sure it’s just dwarf footprints.
That’s got to be it! Ah-ha-ha!
…Can’t believe this. Nope, nope.
Well…then again.
I started to suspect when I saw that giant spider before, to be honest. No
matter how I look at it, I’m unquestionably a monster. Thanks a lot!
Ugh, I’ve been trying to avoid it, but I finally have to face all the facts.
Being reborn as a spider is shocking enough in itself, but I’m a monster
spider, too.
This is messed up. So messed up that some people might despair and even
end it all. I’m definitely not considering death myself, but this is still kind of
a bummer. Well, no use sitting around and sulking, though.
Since this world is clearly different from my own, I don’t know what
kinds of dangers to expect. For one thing, there’s no guarantee that there
won’t be more gigantic monsters like that spider. And going by my own size,
that thing must’ve been a hundred feet long…
Are humans even able to take down a creature like that? Probably not,
right? If there are any boss monsters here, the giant spider is definitely one of
them.
So that makes me the offspring of a boss monster, then.
Sounds pretty bad, doesn’t it?
Actually, doesn’t that mean that if I run into people, they’ll try to kill me?
It’s to-o-o-tally possible. Actually, chances are good that’s exactly what’ll
happen.
Suddenly, I see something lying on the ground near the footprints.
What’s that?
After a closer look, I recognize it as the dismembered remains of a spider.
Yep, the same species as me.
Wow, what skillful dissection. This was probably the work of humans,
huh?
I do not like where this is going!
If any humans find me, they’re definitely gonna murder me!

--- PAGE 20 ---
