--- PAGE 65 ---
LEAVING THE NEST
If I want to break the egg, and if I want to survive, I’m gonna have to become
stronger.
I don’t want to get killed by a monster, human, or whatever else.
And since that egg thief showed up at my doorstep, it seems that humans
do come this far out from time to time.
There’s no guarantee that the egg’s parents aren’t lurking around
somewhere, either.
Now my spider body is decently agile.
I can jump almost seven feet in the air, and I can climb walls, too.
Before I made my house, I encountered other monsters while I was
wandering around outside, but I was speedy enough to avoid them without a
problem.
Well, doesn’t that mean you’re actually a pretty powerful monster, you
ask? That’s what I thought, too.
But clearly, I was wrong.
How can I be strong when I can’t even break an egg?
My best weapons are my thread and poison fangs. I can bind enemies in
my web and finish them off with my poison.
This golden combo is my key to victory, so in other words, any situation
where it doesn’t work will spell my defeat.
My webbing and fangs are essential to me—no, to all spider monsters.
Once I arrived at this conclusion, I stuck with the pattern of rendering my
opponents helpless with my thread before finishing them off.
Using this strategy, I took out my third frog unharmed, and when I
finished eating, the Divine Voice (temp.) rang out again.

--- PAGE 66 ---
<Condition satisfied. Acquired Title [Foul Feeder].>
<Acquired skills [Poison Resistance LV 1] [Rot Resistance LV 1] as a result of Title [Foul
Feeder].>
<Skill [Poison Resistance LV 1] has been integrated into [Poison Resistance LV 3].>
Hey, I got a new title.
So I can’t get one on purpose by doing all those other things, but then one
gets dropped on me when I’m not even trying?
Hey, I can’t help it if my food is foul!
There’s nothing here for me to eat but monsters!
Well, I guess complaining to the Divine Voice (temp.) won’t do me any
good.
So the skills I got were Poison Resistance and…Rot Resistance?
What does that mean? Can I eat rotten things now, maybe?
That doesn’t seem particularly useful, but I guess it’s better than nothing.
And I already have the Poison Resistance skill, but judging from what the
Divine Voice (temp.) said, it must’ve added a level-1 skill’s worth of
proficiency to what I already have.
Well, if my skills get stronger, then so will I, probably.
Although ramping up my resistance isn’t going to help me break that egg.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Spider Thread LV 5] has become [Spider
Thread LV 6].>
After a while of playing with thr…ahem, I mean, practicing with my
threads very studiously, my skill level rose.
Since I now know that my spider thread is a skill, I‘ve been trying all
kinds of things with it to earn more proficiency.
Raising the skill level might improve things like the elasticity of the
rubber thread, in which case the egg might just break.
Man, sure took a while to level it up, though.
As a result, the inside of my house is now entirely white.
Compared to when I first made it, my home has changed a lot over the
course of a few days.
For one thing, I’ve got more webs.
For a while, I just put one web over each of the three passages of the
intersection, but now I have several more set up along the passageways.

--- PAGE 67 ---
My thinking was that a single trap might be easy to break through.
With this many spiderwebs, it’ll take some time for anything to get to the
center.
Now my home is even safer than before.
That alone wasn’t enough to raise my skill level, so I decided to decorate
the walls next.
I applied my silk all over the wall, coating it in white.
Of course, these weren’t just ordinary decorations.
These wallpaper threads were linked to my webs so that when prey got
caught, the fibers would automatically pull away from the wall and wrap
around the unlucky victim.
I was extremely proud of this trap, which took a good deal of trial and
error to complete.
Around the time I started putting up the wallpaper threads, my skill level
rose by one.
After those were all finished, my last project was to string up some
invisible strands inside my house.
This thread doesn’t have any stickiness, and it snaps with a single touch.
If I leave it alone long enough, the natural flow of air eventually breaks it
before it’s absorbed by the wallpaper threads.
I think I was able to make such fine filaments now because my skill level
had reached 5.
These are for enemy detection. The ends of the invisible threads are
connected to me, so if something touches them, I’ll know what it is.
I developed this detection fiber to counter the inconvenient fact that I
can’t see behind me.
Since I don’t have to worry about my back while I’m at home, I decided
to put up a few around my house instead.
My hope is to eventually be able to remotely control these when I explore
outside my house.
After all this, I was pretty much out of things to do, so I just started
pointlessly stockpiling more thread until I finally reached skill level 6.
Thanks to this, I gained the ability to make high-quality, silklike threads,
so I produced a few balls of that and left them lying around wherever.
Of course, naturally producing all this webbing ended up making me
hungry.

--- PAGE 68 ---
Which was why I wasted no time devouring the next victim of my web.
All the monsters in this area seem to be venomous, so my poison fangs
can’t kill them very quickly.
Well, once it’s trapped in my web, I have as long as I like to do it in.
As a result, my Poison Fang skill went up to level 4, and my Poison
Resistance skill rose to level 5.
So far, I’ve defeated three Elroe randanels, one Elroe peckatot, one Elroe
basilisk, and one finjicote.
In addition, there were two more of the now-familiar frogs.
Is this dungeon a frog-breeding ground?
I’ve defeated quite a few monsters now, but I still have yet to see any
other humans.
Elroe randanels are small dinosaur-like monsters. Three of them attacked
me at once, which totally freaked me out.
But all three of them got trapped in my net perfectly, so it was no sweat.
The Elroe peckatot is a bizarre monster resembling a cross between a
penguin and a pelican with monkey arms.
The finjicote is a freakishly huge, beelike creature, so large that it took up
almost the entire ten-foot width of the passage. Because of that, though, my
web ensnared it without a hitch.
The biggest pain in the butt was the Elroe basilisk.
It looked just like a giant lizard, but true to its name, it had some kind of
petrification attack. I think it had the same kind of petrifying glare you see in
games and fantasy stories—it turned one of my front legs into stone. What a
terrifying enemy.
I was so scared that I resorted to a strategic withdrawal, aka hiding behind
the egg.
Just then, the rubber threads around the egg all turned to stone and
shattered.
Maybe that’d work on the egg, too? Tentatively optimistic, I let it keep
using its petrification attack, but the egg was unaffected.
In fact, the lizard wore itself out attacking my shield, so I was able to slip
in and finish it off without any issue. What the hell is up with the egg,
anyway?!
After that encounter, I had to suffer with a petrified leg until I leveled up
and molted again.

--- PAGE 69 ---
Since I got the Petrification Resistance skill in the process, it was an
overall benefit, but it was still at least as dangerous as my first meeting with a
frog.
Oh, right, like I was saying: I leveled up. Three times, to be exact. Now
I’m level 5.
As far as I know, I have the following skills: [Poison Fang LV 4] [Spider
Thread LV 6] [Appraisal LV 2] [Taboo LV 1] [Heretic Magic LV 1] [Poison
Resistance LV 5] [Acid Resistance LV 2] [Rot Resistance LV 1]
[Petrification Resistance LV 1].
I’ve gone up three whole levels, but my skills haven’t changed all that
much.
Guess the level-up proficiency bonus isn’t as big as I thought.
It doesn’t seem like I gained too many skill points with each level, either.
I got all excited when the Divine Voice (temp.) said I had more skill
points, but I can’t figure out how to obtain any new skills with them.
I try imagining all manner of skills that might exist, but I can’t do
anything.
When the skill I thought of doesn’t exist, the Divine Voice (temp.) won’t
say a damn thing, and when it does…
<Insufficient skill points.>
…is all it’ll say.
The rules for skills are more complicated than I first assumed.
Another day lazily spent. Ah, I love my little home…
What? What egg?
I don’t know what you’re talking about. I have zero recollection of any
big white bundle of rubber threads.
My meals deliver themselves to me without any effort on my part, and the
house is totally secure, so I can snooze to my heart’s content despite being in
the middle of a dangerous dungeon. I’ve carpeted the hard floor with plenty
of soft silk, so it’s nice and comfortable, too.
I’m taking it easy as I go about my daily thread-making routine. Ah, this
is the life.
Thinking about it now, my days were pretty busy back in my former life.

--- PAGE 70 ---
I didn’t pay any attention to it back then, but in retrospect, how did I ever
live on four hours of sleep a day?
Before, my life consisted of waking up early to go to school, then coming
home and playing video games until I succumbed to the drowsiness.
Yeah, that’s just how I lived.
Playing games was fun and all, but looking back on it, I don’t know why I
went to all that trouble when I was under no obligation to do so. Between my
pride in being among the top free-to-players and caving to the expectations of
my peers, I think I was starting to push myself past my limits.
Me, worrying about other people’s expectations? What a joke!
I’m totally self-sufficient. Who cares what other people think?
At least, that’s what I’ve been telling myself… But since starting this new
life, I’ve realized that I might have been giving in to that human impulse at
least a little. So now that I’m living a life truly without responsibilities, I feel
liberated at leaving everything else behind.
In the beginning, I was concerned that I might be unbearably bored with
so little to do, but clearly I worried for nothing. I certainly have a lot of free
time without the Internet or games, but it isn’t so bad.
Perhaps my standards for happiness are just lower than the norm. To be
honest, as long as I get to live, that’s good enough for me. This present life,
with guaranteed food and shelter, is enough to make me content.
So much so that I figure I could probably just spend the rest of my life
right here like this.
Although I don’t know how long spider monsters live.
And while that sounds nice in theory, I know a time will probably come
someday when I’ll have to leave this home.
Some unforeseen situation, a change in the environment, the arrival of
enemies able to bust through my webs…
More people like the egg thief, or a really strong monster, or—something.
I don’t know when, but I’m certain the time will come eventually.
Everything changes, sooner or later.
So, I figure it’s probably best to prepare for whenever that time might
come.
Yeah, I said all that, but this is way too soon! I’m not ready!

--- PAGE 71 ---
The reason for my panic? One of the entrances to my home is going up in
smoke before my very eyes.
I had been just starting to doze off when the fire suddenly broke out.
Slowly, inevitably, the home that I made for myself is sinking into a sea
of flames.
And this is how I discovered that my spider thread, which I had assumed
to be near invincible, is extremely weak to fire.
But where did this fire even come from?
It doesn’t take long to find the answer—a human. There’s a man standing
among the flames. Not the egg thief, of course. He’s holding a torch in one
hand.
He must have used that to set my home ablaze.
Damn.
I can’t see too well through the flames, but I can spot several more people
behind the man.
This fire is no accident. Obviously, they’re on a mission to destroy my
webs.
Which would mean that they’re also aware of the spider monster inside—
in other words, me.
If I stay here, I’ll either burn to death or get caught by the humans.
Fortunately, the fire hasn’t reached me yet, and if I flee through the
emergency exit on the other side, I should be able to escape the people, too.
I take one last look around inside my dwelling.
Since my reincarnation, I’d spent most of my time here.
I worked so hard to make this home.
I’d made many discoveries here, too, and the results had brought joy,
sorrow, and everything in between.
This place had kept me safe all this time.
In fact, I might’ve even become more attached to it than I was to my room
in my previous life.
That’s how powerful the time I spent here has been.
I start running away from the fire.
The complicated nest of spider thread falls away as I easily cut through it.
The last web.
Once I pass through, I’ll never be able to come back here again.
Once I pass through, I won’t be safe anywhere.

--- PAGE 72 ---
Nonetheless, I push through without hesitation.
I feel an overwhelming urge to look back as I leave, but I resist.
All I can think about now is running away as far as I can.
And so, I’ve been driven out of my home for good.
As an aside, I should note that the adventurers who set fire to my home
apparently discovered a large amount of my balls of thread and that egg that
I’d left behind.
Luckily, the fire hadn’t reached that far, so they took all of it with them.
I’ve heard that clothing made with that thread fetches an insanely high
price.
They say the king of some country or other bought some, and it became a
topic of much discussion for a while.
As for the egg, apparently it stubbornly survived the whole ordeal and
successfully hatched sometime later.
I didn’t learn any of this until much, much later.
And when I did, my first thought was: I’m so glad I didn’t break that
thing open.