--- PAGE 92 ---
BONUS STAGE?
My wounds from that frog healed up nicely when I leveled up, so my
exploration has resumed.
Before long, I find my first prey of the day. Now, this is a monster I’ve
never seen before.
It has tons of legs, like a centipede.
Well, might as well Appraise it first.
<Elroe ferect: Status Appraisal Failed>
Hmm? Failed? Aw, man, it doesn’t show the level.
So Appraisal can fail, then. I didn’t know that.
Not like it makes much of a difference at the moment, anyway.
The frog I fought earlier noticed me, but this centipede hasn’t.
This is my chance for a real surprise attack!
Speedily yet stealthily, I sneak up behind my opponent.
Swish, swish, swish… Hello there, time to die!
My ambush is perfectly successful.
In fact, my victory is so complete that it’s almost anticlimactic.
I completely bind the creature with my thread. Then, I drive my
venomous fangs into it to finish the job.
The centipede looks unappetizing, and sure enough, eating it is totally
gross.
On top of that, it must have a weird poison or something, because I feel
kinda sick after eating it.
My body has gone weirdly stiff.
Man, since being reincarnated as a spider, I haven’t eaten a single meal
that could be considered tasty by any stretch of the imagination.
I know it’s a luxury, but I really want to eat delicious food again.

--- PAGE 93 ---
Ahh… I wonder if there’s any cup ramen lying around somewhere…
Probably not, huh. Giving up on that, I continue my exploration.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Appraisal LV 3] has become [Appraisal LV 4].>
Oh, my Appraisal skill finally leveled up.
Recently, I’ve stopped feeling quite so sick from Appraising a bunch of
things at once, so that’s nice.
Now, what new info will I get this time?
<Small lesser taratect       LV 6       Nameless>
Huh? It didn’t change at all?
Wait, no. Underneath my species name are a few colored lines.
From the top, they’re green, blue, yellow, and red, with the latter two
stuck to each other like a single thick line.
What’s this?
<HP Bar>
<MP Bar>
<SP Bar>
When I Appraise the bars, I discover that the first two lines are the hit
points that represent my life force and the points representing my magical
power, respectively.
I still don’t really understand what the “SP” bar is, though.
Appraising it again, I learn that it’s Stamina Points.
Maybe it’s a physical analogue to magical power that decreases as I move
or something?
Hmm? But why are there two gauges?
The yellow bar on top is full, while the bottom red gauge is reduced by
about a third.
What’s the difference between these two? I don’t get it.
But it’ll be good to keep an eye on my HP, so if possible, I want to
Appraise myself continuously.
I try to do so. Hmm, maybe it’s kind of like this?
Okay. I think it’s actually working.
Now, as long as I don’t deliberately cancel the Appraisal, I’ll be able to
check my HP at any time. That’s pretty damn convenient.
Then again, seeing your own health is handy and all, but wouldn’t being

--- PAGE 94 ---
able to know an opponent’s HP, MP, and stuff be even better?
If I know how much HP an opponent has left, I can guess how much
longer it’ll take to beat them, and if I know when they’re about to run out of
MP, victory would be as good as mine.
Having even a part of the enemy’s information would be a huge
advantage in a fight.
Does this mean this skill has finally become cheat-code-level useful?
Heh-heh-heh. I knew it! This is why I acquired the seemingly useless
Appraisal skill!
It’s certainly not like I had no clue any of this would happen!
Yeah, let’s go with that!
Okay, anyway, back to exploring. Oh, hey, another monster.
<Elroe ferect       LV 2: Status Appraisal Failed>
I take it all back. This stupid skill is useless. Why fail me when it matters
most…?
Sigh. I’m an idiot for getting my hopes up.
At any rate, I should probably do something about the centipede monster I
found.
Hmm. But this time, I don’t seem to be in a good position for a surprise
attack…
It seems like it hasn’t spotted me yet, but it’s facing this way.
Oh, I just had a great idea!
Sneakily, I start climbing on the wall. Having a spider body is super-
convenient at times like this. I keep moving until I reach the top.
Oof, clinging to the ceiling upside down is a little rough. But as long as I
brace my legs, it isn’t too bad.
Just like that, I continue scuttling along the roof. Hang in there, legs!
Hmm? My stamina gauge is decreasing?
Well, I have to focus on my strategy at the moment, since I’ve just arrived
over the centipede.
Nice, nice. It hasn’t noticed that I’m right above it.
I attach a thread to the ceiling, then descend straight down toward my
prey.
Then I leap on top of it.
The centipede monster flies into a panic, but it’s too late.
Hope you like getting wrapped up in thread! And, chomp! Bwa-ha-ha!

--- PAGE 95 ---
Operation “Whoa! Look out above!” was a huge success!
All right, time for another hard-earned meal.
Hmm.
As I eat, I think back to the stamina gauge situation from a second ago.
While I was holding on to the ceiling, it was the yellow upper gauge that
decreased.
It had gone down very slowly as I braced my legs.
But now it’s fully recovered. Hmm?
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Acquired skill [Paralysis Resistance LV 1].>
Whoa! So the centipede could cause paralysis?
If I hadn’t defeated this guy with a surprise attack, that could’ve turned
out way worse!
I better be more careful with them from now on.
Hmm? Hmmm?
The red lower stamina gauge seems to be recovering little by little…
It was about a third empty before, but now it’s going back up.
Why? Did I do something that would make my stamina recover?
…Oh yeah: I’m eating. Aha! So that’s it! Now I get it.
In other words, the red gauge displays my total stored physical energy.
So maybe the yellow upper gauge is stamina that I use moment to
moment, then?
To test it out, I try dashing around at full speed for a bit.
The yellow gauge empties in the blink of an eye. As soon as it runs out,
my strength is exhausted.
Huff…huff…
Geez, how stupid was that, running around right after eating? My stomach
hurts. Oof.
But that proved it.
The yellow bar displays immediately available power. When that drops to
zero, I get short of breath.
But since that stamina is consumed instantaneously, it recovers quickly,
too.
By the time I catch my breath in reality, the stamina gauge has steadily
recovered.

--- PAGE 96 ---
The red gauge below that represents my total physical strength. This one
also went down a bit when I ran a moment ago.
If the red bar runs out, I’m probably in trouble.
Like, I might not be able to move anymore or something. I’d rather avoid
that scenario, thank you very much.
Food and nourishment seem to restore it, so I just have to be mindful of
how much I have left.
Swish, swish, swish… Fwump! Spin, spin, spin. Chomp!
Thanks for the meal.
<Experience has reached the required level. Individual small lesser taratect has increased from LV
6 to LV 7.>
<All basic attributes have increased.>
<Skill proficiency level-up bonus acquired.>
<Skill points acquired.>
Hey, I leveled up again.
Too bad none of my skills went up this time, but that’s all right.
Oh, more prey.
Swish, swish, swish…
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Acquired skill [Stealth LV 1].>
Fwump! Spin, spin, spin. Chomp!
Thanks for the meal.
Hmm? Wait, was there something new in the latest announcement? I think
the Divine Voice (temp.) said something just now.
Huh? Skill? Stealth? Does that make it harder for enemies to notice me?
Oh hey, more food.
Swish, swish, swish… Fwump! Spin, spin, spin. Chomp!
<Condition satisfied. Acquired title [Assassin].>
<Acquired skills [Stealth LV 1] [Shadow Magic LV 1] as a result of Title [Assassin].>
<Skill [Stealth LV 1] has been integrated into [Stealth LV 1].>
Thanks for the meal.
Hmm? I heard something again. A title? Come to think of it, this was the

--- PAGE 97 ---
first time I’ve gotten any titles since Kin Eater and Foul Feeder.
Assassin, huh? It feels like I’m becoming more ninja-like by the minute.
Whoopsie, dinnertime.
Swish, swish, swish… Fwump! Spin, spin, spin. Chomp!
<Condition satisfied. Acquired title [Monster Slayer].>
<Acquired skills [Strength LV 1] [Solidity LV 1] as a result of Title [Monster Slayer].>
Thanks for the meal.
Ooh? I heard something again.
Monster Slayer? Well, yeah, I’ve been doing nothing but laying monsters
low the whole time I’ve been in this dungeon. A little late for a title like that,
no?
Maybe it’s that sort of system? The type where you get a title for killing a
certain number of monsters?
Hmm.
Wha—?! Yet another victim!
Swish, swish, swish… Fwump! Spin, spin, spin. Chomp!
Thanks for the meal.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Acquired skill [Overeating LV 1].>
Again? This sure is a busy day.
Wait, what do you mean, overeating? What kind of a skill name is that?
Does it have a negative effect or something?
……Okay, wait just a minute.
I’ve been ignoring it all up until now, but doesn’t it seem like that voice
has been doing its thing a lot today?
Yeah, that thing always does its thing ’cause it does the thing to the thing.
Okay. I should probably calm down for a second.
I’ve leveled up.
Cool. It was bound to happen sooner or later, with all the hunting I’ve
been doing.
I got a Stealth skill.
That’s fine, too. I’m not sure how useful it’ll be, but it sure beats nothing,
and I’ll take whatever I can get.
I received a title.

--- PAGE 98 ---
Isn’t that strange? No, getting a title is a good thing, right? Decent, at
least?
But two came in a row, right? What were they?
Uh, let’s see…
Assassin and Monster Slayer. They both sound awfully violent. Well, that
isn’t any different from any of the titles I already have, huh? A little late to
gripe about that now.
So, Assassin sounds like a ninja, right?
Same for the skills that come with it, Stealth and Shadow Magic.
Shadow Magic… Does that mean I can go in and out of shadows and
stuff?
There ought to be some spells to help me hide in the shadows and
assassinate things, at least.
But either way, I don’t know how to use it. I told you, I don’t know how
this magic system works!
Ugh, can I get a manual already?
I don’t know what Monster Slayer is supposed to be about, either.
What now? Strength and Solidity? Those are such vague skill names that I
have no idea what they do, either.
Hmm? Thinking about it logically, maybe they enhance my stats like
attack and defense power or something?
Either that, or they’re supplementary skills that temporarily raise stats for
a fixed period of time.
The former would be fine, but if it’s the latter, I have no idea how to use
it. I try just thinking the skill names like I do with Appraisal, but nothing
seems to happen. I guess my only option is to leave well enough alone, then.
So what was that last part? Overeating?
Seriously, is that a negative skill?
Who says something like that to a girl, anyway? You wanna pick a fight
with me, Divine Voice (temp.)?
Are you calling me fat?! I’m not! Absolutely not! I just get a little chubby
right after eating sometimes, that’s all! It goes right back to normal after a
good night’s sleep! Feast your eyes on these legs, would ya?! They’re so
slender, they might break at any moment! Human beings only wish they
could have stick legs like these! And yet you dare to call me fat?! Aside from
right after a meal, I’m super-skinny, thank you very much!

--- PAGE 99 ---
Huff…huff…
…Well, that was pointless.
Nobody really called me fat in my previous life, anyway, so I might’ve
overreacted a bit.
If anything, they made fun of me for being skin and bones…
But anyway, today is actually a big day for breakthroughs, huh?
I haven’t gotten this many skills and bonuses at once before. Maybe I
could keep on raking them in like this.
What, is that too optimistic? Yeaaaah, probably.
My labyrinth exploration is going smoothly.
In fact, I’m on the verge of bursting into laughter.
This seems to be centipede territory, considering they’re everywhere.
These guys are great for grinding EXP. Their senses must be awfully dull
or something, because they never pick up on my surprise attacks. As long as I
come at them from behind or above, my victory is practically guaranteed.
Thanks to that, I’m beating them effortlessly.
Since I’ve been eating so many centipedes, my Paralysis Resistance skill
is already level 3.
I also improved the efficiency of my hunting with various experiments
and developed something I call a mobile web. All that means is that I carry
around a small spiderweb. But if I prepare one before getting into a fight, I
can wrap up my prey without having to make thread in the middle of battle,
so it’s pretty handy.
I tried other things, too, like making clothes or detecting enemies with my
silk, but those all ended in failure.
I can’t wear clothes to begin with, and while it isn’t impossible to use
thread to sense enemies, it takes so much concentration that I wind up getting
distracted and missing what’s happening right in front of me, so I ended up
scrapping the idea.
Since I have such a large food supply in the form of centipedes, I could
afford to do my fruitless experiments.
Today, as usual, I’m hard at work hunting. Hoo, boy. Is this centipede
heaven or what?
I hum a nasally little tune as I explore. Well, really I’m just imagining

--- PAGE 100 ---
music in my head; I can’t actually hum. In fact, do I even have a nose? Well,
no use worrying about that.
Oh? The path is broken? Doesn’t look impassable, though.
This labyrinth isn’t just huge; it also doesn’t have any dead ends as far as I
can tell.
The path I’ve been following for a while now just keeps on going, without
any blockage.
This is good, since it means I probably can’t get cornered if something is
chasing me, but when I consider that all the passages in this maze might go
on this long, I feel like heaving a hopeless sigh.
The break in the path ahead of me is due to some kind of cliff.
In the middle of the interrupted road, I can see a wide, empty space.
Have I finally passed out of this narrow maze zone?
If so, what kind of place is next? Nothing like the spider hell I first came
from, I hope.
I peek over the edge of the cliff cautiously.
<Elroe ferect       LV 2: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Elroe ferect       LV 2: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Elroe ferect       LV 2: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Elroe ferect       LV 2: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Elroe ferect       LV 2: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Elroe ferect       LV 2: Status Appraisal Failed>
And so on and so forth.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Appraisal LV 4] has become [Appraisal LV 5].>
Geh! My head!
The information from my Appraisal floods my brain, making it ache as if
someone smashed a hammer into it.
Whew, felt like I was going to faint for a moment. That was close.
I guess if you Appraise too much at once, the excessive information
literally hurts.
It makes sense that that could knock you out.
……Wait. Enough information that I almost lost consciousness?
Nervously, I peer down over the cliff again.
Really, it’s only about three feet high.

--- PAGE 101 ---
Right below, there’s a wide, spacious area.
But despite its size, the area doesn’t actually feel particularly roomy.
That’s because it’s teeming with centipedes.
Wha—?! What the hell is this?! Centipedes, centipedes, centipedes, as far
as the eye can see!
Oof, that’s disgusting. I feel like I’m gonna be sick.
Huh?
What are you all looking at, Mr. Centipedes? Me? C’mon, what would
you be interested in me for?
……Okay, I’d better book it. Fly like the wind! I turn around and sprint
back the way I came.
Patter-patter-patter-patter-patter!!!
Eeeeek! They’re chasing meee?!
I’m sorry I got carried away! Please, let’s just call it even!
My yellow stamina gauge is empty. Ugh, it hurts. But I’ll die if I stop
now!
I have to run for my life if I want to survive!
With the yellow bar gone, the red one begins to slowly decrease.
In the end, I run until about half of the red gauge is depleted, when I’ve
finally managed to lose the centipede army.
Man, I thought I was seriously gonna die back there.