--- PAGE 126 ---
THE FALL
I check how much HP I have left.
The green bar is getting desperately low.
I’m just barely alive. Hanging on by a thread.
How am I going to survive?
I have no idea.
How did it come to this?
Even after evolving, I was still depending on surprise attacks to fight, as
usual.
I rose from level 1 to level 2 in a flash.
Apparently, the amount of experience needed for leveling up wasn’t
cumulative.
Since I had evolved and gained a level, I thought this might be a good
time to develop new tactics and get new skills with my skill points.
It turned out that I’d accumulated a decent number of points, so I was able
to get two skills.
The first was Thread Control.
Just as its name suggests, it allowed me to manipulate my thread.
By consuming MP to invoke it, I could move my thread however I
wanted. It was a wonderful ability that was perfect for me, since my spider
thread is my chief weapon.
However, at level 1, the thread hardly twitched.
Dammit!
Well, it was still better than magic skills that I didn’t know how to use at

--- PAGE 127 ---
all, and it should come in handy once the skill level went up.
The second skill…well, that one was a huge mistake.
For someone like me who relies on surprise attacks, enemy detection is of
the utmost importance.
Not only for letting me get the jump on other monsters but for making
sure I don’t fall victim to a surprise attack myself.
That’s why I acquired a skill called Detection.
Since I got a huge headache whenever I used it, I decided to
semipermanently deactivate it for the time being.
And so, I continued my exploration.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Appraisal LV 5] has become [Appraisal LV 6].>
Appraisal! Finally! Now I was getting somewhere!
Assuming that the maximum level really was 10, it should be ready to
actually help now! Probably!
I held my breath as I checked my self-Appraisal results.
<Small taratect LV 2 Nameless
Status: HP: 36/36 (green) MP: 36/36 (blue)
 SP: 36/36 (yellow)       : 34/36 (red)
 Average Offensive Ability: 19 Average Defensive Ability: 19
 Average Magical Ability: 18 Average Resistance Ability: 18
 Average Speed Ability: 348 >
…What…was…that…?!
What? Whaaat? Whaaaaat?!
Who are you?! You’re not the Appraisal I know! My Appraisal was
always more of a useless child who was always disappointing me! It wasn’t a
cool, capable beauty like whoever did this!
Where did my real Appraisal go?!
And what was I supposed to do with the Useless! complaint I secretly
prepared?!
I was supposed to get my hopes up, find that all I got was a super-
pointless new feature, and grumble about it!
Why would you betray me like this?!

--- PAGE 128 ---
Tell me, damn you!
Huff…huff…huff…!
Whoops—got a little worked up there.
I took a deep breath to calm down. Huh…haah…huff. Okay, all better!
Ahh…
Wasn’t this a bit too much of an evolution for my Appraisal skill? The
difference was way too extreme…
But this was what I wanted Appraisal to do in the first place.
I wasn’t expecting such a sudden about-face, though.
It was like if a fellow nerd from middle school had the nerve to suddenly
revamp their image in high school.
And yes, I’m aware that that’s a really weird comparison.
Anyway, this new and improved Appraisal was actually amazing. I could
now read my stats, once a total mystery, at a simple glance. There were even
hard numbers, which was sure to come in handy from here on out.
But there was one little problem. Was it just me, or were my stats super-
low?
I didn’t have anything to compare them to, so I wasn’t sure how bad they
were, but they sure didn’t seem as high as they should for someone who’d
reached level 10 and evolved once already.
And then there was the matter of that speed stat.
My speed was ten times higher than my other skills. Weird, right? I know
I tend to spec speed, but this is ridiculous.
Well, well, well.
Now I just wanted to compare my stats with those of other monsters.
Although, based on my results so far, the probability that I’d succeed in
Appraising their stats wasn’t very high.
In fact, I had yet to succeed at Appraising anything beyond another
monster’s level even once.
But since my skill level had risen, it was possible that my success rate
went up, too. It was worth a try, at least.
I went on the prowl for monsters and finally found one that looked sort of
like a mouse. All right, Appraisal time!
<Elroe greym       LV 2: Status Appraisal Failed>
Ah… Just as I’d suspected, Appraising other creatures’ stats was still too
hard. Oh well.

--- PAGE 129 ---
Swish, swish, swish… Fwump! Spin, spin, spin. Chomp!
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Poison Fang LV 6] has become [Poison Fang
LV 7].>
Ooooh. Poison Fang for the win!
Now that I knew how weak my stats were, it was no exaggeration to say
that I had no way of attacking without my bite.
So the level of my first and only attack, Poison Fang, was really
important.
Anyway, that was just about enough searching for the day.
I fashioned a simple little web on the spot.
Now that my safety was secured, I could eat the mouse…or not. I wasn’t
actually very hungry. It wasn’t that I couldn’t eat, but I figured it was better
to save it for the morning, when I would probably be hungrier.
So all that was left was to sleep. Oh, and one more thing.
Nyoooom. Tug, tug. Bloop.
No, I wasn’t doing anything obscene. I was practicing my Thread Control.
As a result of my training, I had discovered that I could only control one
thread at a time. It moved at about the speed of a snail, too. As long as the
thread was touching my body, though, the range in which I could control it
was actually pretty large. And the MP consumption was fairly insignificant.
The more you know!
For the time being, though, it didn’t have much potential to be helpful in
battle.
So, before bed, I figured I’d use up some MP to practice more and see if I
could raise the skill level. If I did that, the limitations should improve, too.
Since Appraisal turned out to be a late bloomer, Thread Control could
probably become useful by level 6 or so, too.
Although it might take a while to get there.
Anyway, once its level was a little higher, there were some things I
wanted to try.
For one thing, I was hoping to bring back my abandoned project of enemy
detection thread, since my Detection skill turned out to be useless. Dreaming
big, I know.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Thread Control LV 1] has become [Thread

--- PAGE 130 ---
Control LV 2].>
And they say a watched pot never boils!
Nyoooom. Tug, tug, tug. Blooooop.
With the increased level, the thread’s range of motion improved a little.
It still wasn’t enough to be useful in a pinch, but it was visible progress,
so maybe it’d reach the point of practicality earlier than I expected.
I still had plenty of MP, so I decided to keep pushing for more
proficiency.
Yaaawn… Ahhh, that was a good night’s sleep.
In the end, I had stuck with my practice until I was almost entirely out of
MP, and I’d managed to raise my Thread Control skill to level 3.
I had actually planned to keep grinding proficiency until my MP was
completely gone, but as I started running low, I got a bad feeling about that.
I couldn’t tell you why, exactly, but my instincts told me it would be
dangerous to have no MP, so I decided to stop before I hit that point.
After one night’s sleep, my MP fully recovered.
Great. In that case, it should be fine to practice Thread Control before bed
every night.
Hey, wait a minute. Since I was already fully recovered, couldn’t I do it in
the morning, too?
I didn’t normally use my MP anyway, so if it was going to recover over
time, why not let it accumulate while I hunted?
Yeah. That seemed more efficient to me.
If anything went wrong, I could just switch to once a day starting
tomorrow, but I figured I might as well try.
And so, I practiced Thread Control. When my MP was just about
depleted…
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Thread Control LV 3] has become [Thread
Control LV 4].>
…there was a message from the Divine Voice (temp.).
Nice, nice. Easy enough.
Since my MP was getting low, I couldn’t check how much the range of

--- PAGE 131 ---
movement had improved, but I figured level 4 should make for decent
growth.
It probably still wouldn’t be any use in combat, but maybe I could at least
experiment with making protective clothes with it in my temporary home or
something. I was starting to look forward to the evening.
Anyway, it was breakfast time. Luckily, I still had that mouse monster
from the day before, so my main course was good to go.
Hmm. Crap.
Eating didn’t recover my MP at all. I kind of figured as much, but still.
However, ever since my evolution, I’d been in good shape.
This was a sign of good things to come. It was like the universe was
telling me that it was my time to shine.
Heh-heh-heh. Nothing can stop me now! Hee-hee.
All I had to do was keep getting stronger and making my way through the
labyrinth.
I knew this dungeon was unnecessarily huge, so finding the exit was more
of a long-term goal.
Anyway, it was time for another day of being my best self! Ha-ha.
Doot-dee-doo… I explored the maze in a great mood.
I mean, with the great shape I was in, none of the monsters in the area
could hold a candle to me.
As long as I noticed them before they noticed me, I could beat just about
anyone with a surprise attack!
And if not, well, at this point, I might be strong enough to win a fair fight,
right?
My evolution probably made me a lot stronger, and my skill levels were
getting pretty high, so I probably wouldn’t embarrass myself like that time
with the frog.
I mean, I wouldn’t say I was certain I would win, but my confidence was
building that I could hold my own, at least.
The thing with the Detection skill was kind of a shame, but still, I was
feeling a little chipper thanks to evolving, so…
Come at me, bro! Just kidding.
Huh?
Why did I have such an ominous feeling all of a sudden?
It was like my instincts were screaming at me to get out of there

--- PAGE 132 ---
immediately.
I turned around slowly.
Not far down the long, straight path I’d been following, a group of men
dressed like adventurers were chasing me.
Oh crap. Humans!
And they were unmistakably locked on to me!
But it was probably nothing my newly evolved self couldn’t handle, right?
<Human       LV 29 Name: Gordeau Status Appraisal Failed>
<Human       LV 27 Name: Bardon Status Appraisal Failed>
<Human       LV 24 Name: Onjin Status Appraisal Failed>
<Human       LV 27 Name: Jolliere Justeau Status Appraisal Failed>
<Human       LV 22 Name: Gaikun Status Appraisal Failed>
<Human       LV 23 Name: Lekin Status Appraisal Failed>
Yeah right, idiot!
What do you mean, level 29?!
Even if you count me as being level 12 total, that’s still more than
double!!
And six humans around that level?! I didn’t stand a snowball’s chance in
hell!
Run!
Ah, a fork in the road.
Right or left? Let’s go with…right… Wait, hmm?
I glanced down the path on the left.
<Elroe baladorado       LV 9: Status Appraisal Failed>
Are you for real?!
It was a lower level than the snake I fought before, but still, how was I
supposed to beat one of those if it wasn’t wrapped in webs?!
Oh god, a snake in front of me and humans behind me?!
And both parties were totally staring right at me!!
Run away! Down the passage on the right! No way was I taking on a
deadly human-monster combo!
What idiot was all, “Come at me, bro”?! Me, that’s who!
Nope! No way!
That snake was more like a boss battle than an ordinary mob!
Are you telling me those guys spawned just as often as normal monsters?!
And why were humans choosing now to chase me?!

--- PAGE 133 ---
Waaaaah!
What were all those noises behind meee?! Too fast! How were they able
to keep up with me?! My speed was 348, you know!
I thought that was the one area where I was better than other monsters!
Who the hell did they think they were, keeping up with me like that?!
Geh?! More monsters in front of me?!
<Elroe randanel       LV 5: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Elroe randanel       LV 4: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Elroe randanel       LV 4: Status Appraisal Failed>
Whaaaat?! Of all the times for this stupid trio to show up!
If it was only one, I could’ve just slipped right past it! How was I
supposed to sneak past a row of three?!
Wh-what am I gonna do?! Come on! Oh god, I don’t even have time to
thiiiiink!
Okay! Sink or swim!
Still running at top speed, I skittered up the wall!
Yoooooooo! I did it! I actually did it!
Wall running successful! I made it over the three monsters!
I heard a commotion behind me, but I didn’t look back!
I didn’t know how much time those three would buy me, but I had to
make a break for it while I had the chance!
Sorry about that, you guys. This was just another instance of survival of
the fittest. Now, sacrifice yourselves to become my meat shields!
Bwa-ha-ha!
By using those monsters, I successfully made it out alive! I probably
should have said a little prayer for them as thanks… Wait, huh?
A break…in the path?
Wait, wait, wait—another pitfall like the centipede nest?!
Waaah! No, no, no! I’m running way too fast to stop in time!
Aaaaaah!
I was suddenly hurtling headlong into empty space.
Huh? Oh, wow, what a terribly deep and wide hole. You’d probably die if
you fell in here.
Wait, falling?! I was falling! Noooooo!
Bungee jumping without a cord? You’ve gotta be kidding me! Wait, a
cord? Cord!

--- PAGE 134 ---


--- PAGE 135 ---
Come on, spider thread, work with me!
I shot out some thread and attached it to the wall!
All right, I’m saved— Whoof!
Ow, that really hurt.
I had stopped falling, but the recoil slammed my body into the wall at top
speed.
Man, though, I thought I was gonna die.
Getting chased by a snake and escaping only to fall off a cliff? Not cool.
Maybe I was being punished for getting so full of myself…
Oh, I get it. All right, I repent. I’ve seen the error of my ways, so can that
loud, disturbing buzzing I keep hearing stop now, please?
<Finjicote       LV 4: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Finjicote       LV 3: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Finjicote       LV 5: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Finjicote       LV 4: Status Appraisal Failed>
Bees.
It was a group of those giant bee monsters that I’d seen only once before.
And there was a whole swarm flying around in this hole.
Um… Hello there…
I’m sorry! Please forgive me! For the love of god, don’t look at me!
There was only one way for me to get away from the bees that were
coming to attack me.
And that way was down!
I dove again! I was falling, but not like before!
I made the thread attached to the wall more elastic and used it to go down
safely like a real bungee jumper. After bouncing two or three times, I latched
on to the wall and attached a new thread.
Geronimoooo!
I repeated this process a few more times to get down.
All right, I reached the ground!
But the bees were still swarming around above me. I forced my exhausted
body to start running again. I had to get out of there as fast as I could.
But I was a few steps too late.
A bee landed on me. Then, I felt a sharp pain in my back.
?!?!?!?!
Ow! It stabbed me!

--- PAGE 136 ---
And something was flooding into my body from the wound, too! Poison!
I didn’t have any way to combat something that was attached to my back.
Wait, there was one way.
I still had hardly any MP left, but there was no time to worry about that!
I used Thread Control to manipulate my thread and attach it to the bee on
my back. Then I wound the thread around it to constrict the monster.
Heave-ho!
I grasped the thread and yanked the bee from my back, slamming it to the
ground like a judo master!
I wanted to finish it off right there, but running away was more important!
I hid myself in the shadow of a rock up against the wall. The giant bees
shouldn’t be able to get at me in the small space.
Sure enough, after buzzing around and scoping the situation out for a
while, the handful of bees that were chasing me gave up and flew away.
I had survived, somehow.
But I didn’t come out unscathed. I couldn’t see it with my own eyes, but I
knew there was a huge hole in my back.
I only had 6 HP left. The other 30 had been lost in that single attack. It
wasn’t surprising. I knew that my defense was somewhat low. If anything, I
was grateful to my spider body for being tenacious enough to survive that
awful wound at all.
I was lucky that I had high Poison Resistance, too.
That thing had definitely injected me with poison when it stung me.
I had no way of knowing how much of the damage I’d taken was from
poison and how much was from the needle, so I didn’t know if my skill had
canceled the poison out completely. Still, I had no doubt that if it weren’t for
Poison Resistance, I would’ve been dead already.
I probably wouldn’t be able to move for a while with this wound. I didn’t
even know whether it would heal on its own at all.
Meaning the ideal situation would be to level up and fully recover like last
time.
That being the case, I really wanted to go and get that bee I’d caught and
thrown off me, both for food and experience points.
But coming out from under here seemed like a bad idea.
Maybe I could stick some thread to it with Thread Control and pull it over
here a little at a time?

--- PAGE 137 ---
Suddenly, I had another sense of foreboding.
I carefully peeked out from the shadow of the rock.
There, I saw the tied-up bee struggling on the ground. And beyond it, the
shape of another monster approaching it, slowly but surely.
<Elroe baladorado       LV 9: Status Appraisal Failed>
The snake. Did it chase me all that way?!
No, probably not. It was the same level but probably a different
individual.
Crap.
There might be quite a few of those snakes around, then, even though they
were like boss monsters from my point of view.
If they found me while I was this badly injured, no way was I getting out
alive.
The snake slithered lazily toward the bee.
I’m begging you… You can have the bee—just please don’t notice me.
But in the end, the reptile didn’t do anything to the bee.
Or, to be more exact, it couldn’t.
Something ripped through its body at a terrible speed.
Huh? Did my eyes deceive me?
To my view, whatever it was had shredded the snake as easily as so much
paper. You know, the snake protected by those super-hard scales. The one
just about as fast as I was. And it had no time to react.
 
<Earth dragon Araba       LV 31: Status Appraisal Failed>
There it was, calm as could be.
Contrary to its name, it looked more like a wolf.
It had four feet that trod on the ground.
A long tail.
No wings.
What I saw there was an imposingly majestic dragon.
Oh god. My spider’s instincts, my human logic, and the cry of my soul all
screamed the same thing in unison.
Not a chance. There’s no way you could ever beat an opponent like that.
In fact, I couldn’t even call it an opponent in the first place. From that

--- PAGE 138 ---
thing’s point of view, I was nothing more than bait.
Not even prey. I’d be eaten the moment I entered its line of sight.
That was how extreme the difference between us was.
Its high level was barely worth thinking about.
Regardless of level, that thing was out of my league.
The earth dragon Araba started chewing up the scattered bits of the snake,
one by one.
I desperately tried to silence my breathing.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Stealth LV 1] has become [Stealth LV 2].>
Shut up! I’m begging you, just keep it down! What am I gonna do if that
thing notices me?!
Once it was done devouring the snake, the dragon ambled away without
so much as a glance at the bee.
Th…thank god.
I had no idea whether it didn’t notice me or if it did but didn’t care, but
either way, I was alive.
By this time, I had already had more than my share of near-death
experiences, but that was almost certainly the worst yet.
Even just remembering it now is scary.
No way. If that thing was wandering in this vicinity, I had to get away,
stat.
I looked around.
I was at the bottom of the hole I’d fallen down. It seemed to be
somewhere around three hundred feet in diameter.
The depth was probably even more than that. I couldn’t really tell how
high the cliff was.
Above me, a huge swarm of bees covered the area like a ceiling.
I was relieved that they were far away enough that my Appraisal skill
didn’t kick in.
If it had, Appraising a horde like that at once might have knocked me out.
But if I wanted to return to the area I came from, I would have to go past
that swarm.
While climbing a sheer cliff, no less.
Not happening.

--- PAGE 139 ---
I couldn’t fight anything off while I was clinging sideways to a cliff.
I wouldn’t be able to move quickly or even aim my thread properly.
My strength was fighting in confined places.
The bees, on the other hand, could fly around freely in the air.
There was no way I could win.
But exploring a place that was home to that beast would be a suicide
mission, too.
There were a few different passages connected to the bottom of the pit.
Should I risk going down a different path from the one that thing went
into?
I couldn’t. With an injury this severe, encountering any monster at all
would spell my doom, even if it wasn’t that dragon.
Uh-oh. This might be the end of the line.
So here I am.
Where did I go wrong?
How am I going to survive?
I can’t let it end in a place like this.
I don’t want to die.
And so, I start planning.