--- PAGE 142 ---
SPIDER VS BEE
After the earth dragon left, I took my time meticulously looking over my
surroundings.
No matter how long I looked, though, I still didn’t feel safe. But safe or
not, I have to do something, or I’ll be stuck here until I die.
I use Thread Control to extend a strand toward the bee, which was still
restrained on the ground.
Oof, my back hurts. But I seem to be able to produce my silk without a
problem.
I slowly and cautiously stretch the thread until it finally connects to its
target.
The bee is still struggling, but that doesn’t matter at this point.
I just have to recover it before another monster gets to it first.
With every tug, my wounds ache.
The pain is horrible, but my HP isn’t decreasing any further, so I want to
believe I’m all right.
At long last, I successfully retrieve my prey.
Immediately, I bite into it with my poison fangs, killing it on the spot.
Considering how well my venom seems to work even on other poisonous
monsters, maybe my Poison Fang and Poison Resistance skills are higher
than my peers’?
Well, that doesn’t really matter right now.
The real problem is what I’m going to do next. To be honest, exploring
this area is probably suicide. It’s possible there are other beasts like that earth
dragon, so my chances of survival appear to be dwindling.
That’s no good. I’ve certainly made it through many a dangerous situation
so far, but this is so much more frightening than anything before.

--- PAGE 143 ---
In normal circumstances, I’m reasonably confident in my fighting
abilities.
Recently, I’ve taken to wandering around the dungeon and using tactics
like surprise attacks, but in the end, I’m best suited to making webs and
letting prey come to me. I mean, I was even able to take down that huge
snake with my simple temporary shelter. So if I put my mind to designing a
home specifically for defensive battles, no monster will be able to overcome
it.
Or so I thought.
That thing will absolutely be able to. Without even batting an eye. That
horrifying monster is strong enough.
Thread, poison fangs, surprise, and speed. My fundamental tactics would
be nothing more than party tricks to that dragon.
They would fall to pieces in the face of such overwhelming power.
I can imagine it easily.
In my whole life reincarnated as a spider, this is the second encounter I’ve
had with a terrifyingly dominant creature that could crush me with ease.
The first time, incidentally, was when I saw my giant spider mother
(father?).
The fact that I have no chance of winning is an issue, sure. But even
worse is the fact that it’s faster than me.
Even if something breaches my nest, I can still run away. I’d probably be
beating myself up about it like last time, but at least I can escape with my life.
With my incredible speed, that was never a problem. But that thing can
outrun me.
If I fight it, there’s no way I can win. And I can’t even manage to escape.
Truly, if that thing ever lays eyes on me, it’ll all be over in an instant.
What a distressing creature.
If I knew a thing like that existed, I would’ve just taken my chances
fighting the snake head-on.
And I have no way of knowing if that’s the only one of its species lurking
in this area.
Scary.
This is the closest I’ve been to death so far. Frankly, I’m kind of surprised
by how frightened I am.
Despite all the ridiculous experiences I’ve had so far, I never felt any real

--- PAGE 144 ---
tension or terror, so I figured I’d left those feelings behind long ago.
But now I know all too well that isn’t the case.
The only reason I’ve never experienced this much fear is that none of
those other situations even began to compare with this one. It’s not that my
emotions died, I just had no need for them until now.
Ha-ha.
It’s a little late for that realization now. Why couldn’t I have figured that
out before I got myself into this situation?
All right, enough wallowing in regret. It’s time to figure out what I need
to do next.
First, I have to secure some degree of safety.
It would be useless in the face of that dragon, but I should probably still
build a web around this small rock enclave.
At the moment, I’m physically incapable of leaving.
So this time, I’m going all in. It‘s time to make my third home here. Then,
if possible, I want to lure in and kill some weak monsters like those bees.
My goal is to level up so that my wounds can fully heal. Until I recover,
there isn’t much else I can do. In my current state, one little prod from even
the weakest monster would be enough to kill me.
It’s probably best not to hope that these wounds will heal on their own,
too.
Man, I wish I had some kind of automatic HP recovery skill. But there’s
no use grousing about that. I just have to accept my situation and try to pull it
together.
Anyway, my first order of business is making a base around this little
spot.
To be honest, building a nest here probably isn’t the best idea. It’ll just
make my presence more obvious, and if a monster like that dragon finds me,
I’m toast.
However, with my severe injuries, I don’t have much of a choice.
So I just have to try to level up.
Once I do that and recover from my wounds, I can think about escaping
from this dangerous area.
Should I try to go up through the massive swarm of bees or explore down
here despite the danger? Both choices seem like they lead straight to hell.
However, now that I’ve fallen all the way down this hole, I’m practically

--- PAGE 145 ---
in hell already. The only question is whether I live or die here. And at this
point, that pretty much comes down to luck.
As of this moment, I’d say the scales are tipping firmly in favor of me
dying. Will my odds keep decreasing, or can I tilt the scales in the other
direction?
Well, at the very least, I’m going to try.
Fortunately, I at least have enough stamina to make a web. One bee is still
very large, so it makes for a solid food source.
I’m going to have to use every bit of the stamina this bee provides me to
make my new home.
From there, it’ll all depend on my skills and my luck.
On the first day, I made as basic a web as possible and went to sleep.
I can’t say I slept very well, thanks to the pain in my back, but at least I
didn’t get attacked in my sleep.
Aside from the possibility of attack, I’d also been worried that I might die
of my injuries while I passed out or something, so I was extremely relieved
when I woke up safely.
My HP was still at 6, the same as before I went to bed.
I didn’t know whether to be disappointed that it didn’t recover or relieved
that it didn’t go down any further.
I spent the entirety of the second day expanding the web.
Thanks in no small part to the pain in my back, building this home was
proving more difficult than I expected.
Since bees kept buzzing too close for comfort, I often had to stop working
and take cover.
Unlike my previous construction projects, I had to be on the lookout while
I set things up, and it wore on my nerves.
When I had a moment to spare, I worked on eating the bee from yesterday
little by little, to make sure that I didn’t run out of stamina. In this situation, I
couldn’t afford to risk getting any closer to death than I already was. Stamina,
especially, was critical to my survival. I needed it to create thread and even
move around. So at the very least, I had to take care to save enough stamina
for at least one fight.

--- PAGE 146 ---
On top of that, I didn’t know when I’d manage to get food next after this,
so I had to be very careful about managing my stamina in case I became
locked in a war of attrition.
As I was working, I found out that my Pain Resistance skill had jumped
up by quite a few levels.
Last I remembered, it had only gone up to level 2, but in the middle of
making my webs, the Divine Voice (temp.) spoke:
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Pain Resistance LV 6] has become [Pain
Resistance LV 7].>
So now it was suddenly level 7.
I have no idea how that happened, but my guess is that it went up while I
was sleeping.
It certainly wasn’t a comfortable sleep, so if the only condition for
increasing proficiency in that skill was feeling pain, there was a very good
chance that I’d built up plenty during the night.
In retrospect, I did feel like I heard the Divine Voice (temp.) speaking in
my dreams.
It turns out the Pain Resistance skill doesn’t actually relieve you of
discomfort like you might expect.
It had progressed all the way to level 7 now, but it didn’t seem like the
pain was any duller than before. Eventually, I figured out that its effect might
be more along the lines of “allows you to move around while enduring pain.”
Honestly, what the hell.
It didn’t hurt any less, and while I could move, at least, my options were
still limited.
When I first got the skill, I felt like the pain let up a little, but maybe I was
just imagining it.
By the end of the day, my Pain Resistance skill had gone up to 8.
The third day.
I finished eating the bee I’d caught. I also expanded the webs of my nest
about as much as possible, so now it’s time to move on to the next stage.
Namely, hunting to raise my level.
The question is, how am I going to capture prey?

--- PAGE 147 ---
The bees come pretty close, but they must be cautious of me or
something, because they haven’t actually attacked.
I had hoped they’d just charge right at me without thinking, but things
haven’t gone so smoothly.
For the time being, I peer up at the bees as I wait for an opportunity.
I’ve tried indirectly provoking the ones that come nearby, among other
things, but they still don’t come at me.
As I observe the bees, I notice a few things.
First of all, they generally seem to form groups of five or six. Each squad
acts individually.
And the squads have a leader.
<High finjicote       LV 1: Status Appraisal Failed>
A more advanced finjicote.
Judging by the name, it’s probably a stronger species, maybe even an
evolved form.
Most of them are level 1, so that seems like a strong possibility.
Among the normal bees, there are some at level 8 or 9, not far from the
level threshold, so presumably they could become leaders of their own
squads once they evolve.
This captain bee is a bit darker in color than the regular ones. That’s
essentially the only difference; their size and shape are the same.
Since the status Appraisal failed as usual, I can’t be sure, but it’s probably
safe to assume that their stats are higher than the basic bees.
Eh, probably still not enough to cleave through my web, though.
They probably realize that, too, which would explain why they aren’t
making any unnecessary passes at me.
In that case, these bees might be pretty smart.
Occasionally, a squad would break off and disappear into one of the
passages at the bottom of the hole.
After a while, they would come back with some defeated prey. That
seems to be how they hunt: in efficiently organized groups.
So they really are clever creatures.
There are a few outcast bees that seem to act on their own, though.
More important, the ability of bees to hunt monsters down here is vital
information.
That means that not everything here is as freakishly strong as that earth

--- PAGE 148 ---
dragon.
Just that little tidbit makes me feel slightly better.
That said, not all the squads come back, so I can’t let my guard down too
much. The fact suggests that some monsters out there can turn the tables on
the bee groups. Some of the hunting parties that do return are also carrying
the corpses of their comrades, so there’s no doubt this is a dangerous area.
I continue observing the state of the bees for a while.
Just as I start considering catching a few z’s, I get a message from the
Divine Voice (temp.).
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Pain Resistance LV 9] has become [Pain
Nullification].>
<Condition satisfied. Skill [Pain Mitigation LV 1] has been derived from skill [Pain
Nullification].>
My Pain Resistance skill leveled up again.
I didn’t even realize it had gone from level 8 to 9. That must have
happened while I was sleeping again.
The name of the skill changed to “Nullification,” too, and the level
counter is gone. I must’ve reached the proficiency cap.
After Night Vision, this is the second skill I’ve maxed out.
And it seems like Night Vision was at a high level to start with, meaning
this is the first time I’ve raised a skill all the way to level 10 on my own.
Although I’m honestly not sure if it’s worth all the excruciating memories
I made in the process.
Well, the derived skill seems likely to actually ease the pain, so that’s
nice. Not that Pain Resistance was useless, exactly, but still.
At level 1, there isn’t much of a change. The stinging in my back is as
persistent as ever.
If I raise this skill’s level, the pain might get a little easier to bear, so I just
have to hope that it rises while I’m sleeping.
So without further ado, I go to bed.
The fourth day.
I’m slowly beginning to run low on stamina, so I’ll probably have to take
some kind of action soon.

--- PAGE 149 ---
My target is one of the solo bees. The risk of challenging a whole group is
too high.
I don’t necessarily think I have no chance to win. But it’s far better to err
on the side of caution here.
If there are multiple enemies involved, all kinds of unexpected problems
could arise. In that respect, it’s easier to take on a loner.
Since the outcast bees don’t have a captain, their comprehension abilities
aren’t that strong. Based on my observations from the day before, some
individuals willingly venture into narrow tunnels the groups would never
approach.
Most likely, the one bee I did catch in my web was a loner that had gone
astray in a strange passage and gotten lost.
But then again, I can’t imagine that guy made it all the way from this
place to my previous nest, so there was probably a different hive closer to
that area.
The prodigal bees I’ve been observing don’t seem very smart. In fact,
maybe they failed to join the groups for that very reason and resigned
themselves to a life of solitude.
Anyway, I think it may be easier to provoke them into attacking me.
But I don’t plan on using such a luck-based approach.
Instead, I take out the new weapon I devised yesterday.
It’s a thread with a hardened ball of stickier thread attached to the end. I
call it the Morning Spider!
Heh-heh-heh. I’m going to use my strength and my Thread Control to
swing this thing at a bee in midair.
I’m probably—no, almost definitely—going to miss.
But that’s fine.
It should be enough to get my target to recognize me as hostile. After that,
it should come down to attack me on its own, I hope.
If I hit it, great. If not, as long as I can get it to look my way and see me as
an enemy, I’ll count that as a win. After that, I just have to hope that it’ll
approach my web.
Judging by the way things went yesterday, the outcast bees will come
down to check out what’s going on around my home every so often, so it
should work out.

--- PAGE 150 ---
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Pain Mitigation LV 2] has become [Pain
Mitigation LV 3].>
While I’m waiting, my new Pain Mitigation levels up.
Huh? This seems like a slow rate of improvement compared with Pain
Resistance. I thought it might at least go up to level 5 in my sleep, but it
hasn’t changed much at all.
However, now that the level has risen, it’s clear the skill is working.
So Pain Mitigation really does mitigate pain. Thanks to that, the throbbing
in my back is a lot easier to bear now.
It’s a pretty bad wound.
I applied some first aid by bandaging it with Thread Control, but there’s
still a gaping hole in my back.
If I were still human, I know I would’ve died from an enormous gash like
this.
Did I survive it because I’m a spider or because I’m a monster? Either
way, it’s such a serious injury that it’s a miracle I’m alive at all.
I’ve used Thread Control before to clean it on occasion, hoping to clear
out some of the poison while I was at it, but it hurt so much that I thought I
was gonna die.
I have to level up as soon as possible to heal. If I leave it as is much
longer, it’s gonna get worse sooner rather than later.
Festering, necrosis, bacterial infection… I need to do something before
any new symptoms appear.
And now, finally, my chance has come.
One of the outcast bees is headed my way.
There aren’t any others around. If there were, it’s possible they’d rush to
the outcast bee’s aid.
Since that isn’t an issue right now, this is a great opportunity.
I swing my Morning Spider around and around.
Concentrate…concentrate…
Take aim, aaaand…now!
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Acquired skill [Concentration LV 1].>
Whoa, I hit it. And I even got a skill at the same time.
Ooh.

--- PAGE 151 ---
I hadn’t expected to land a hit, but the Morning Spider managed to smack
straight into the bee’s body.
Without hesitation, I use Thread Control to wrap the thread around the bee
right away. Then I politely invite it into my nest. And introduce it to my
venomous fangs.
Okay.
That went as well as it possibly could have, start to finish. Maybe my luck
is starting to turn around.
No, no, no.
I can’t get carried away. That overconfidence hasn’t gone well for me in
the past. I have to stay humble.
I take the first step forward by digging into my first meal in a while.
Now then, time to eat.
For the moment, I’ve secured some food. Given the size of the bee’s
body, I can stave off hunger for at least a few days with this. Now I don’t
need to worry about stamina for a while.
Which means I have more options.
And my choice is to expand my nest further. In an upward direction.
I really don’t want to explore down here. It isn’t a matter of whether I can
or can’t. I just don’t want to.
Nope. I’m scared of the dragon. So that’s a hard pass.
Which is why I’ve decided that I’m going to somehow climb back up to
the passage I fell down from.
To that end, I have to find a way around those bees.
If I try to just climb the wall normally, the fliers will get me right away, so
I need some kind of plan.
My strategy is to simply keep extending my webs upward.
Well, I don’t know if it’s a strategy so much as an ill-defined attempt to
bulldoze my way through the problem.
I mean, I am a crafty sort, if I do say so myself. But I can’t think of any
other way to get back up there.
Of course, there are a lot of disadvantages to this plan, too.
For one thing, making more webs will exhaust my stamina.
And unlike normal, I have to build up along a cliff face this time.

--- PAGE 152 ---
Since the circumstances are different, I don’t know how much extra
stamina it’ll take.
This is probably going to end up being a pretty big nest, so the lone bee I
currently have on hand won’t provide enough energy for the whole project.
So I have to find a way to boost my supplies.
On top of that, I might end up having to fight bees for reasons other than
dwindling food stores.
They’re ignoring me for the moment, but if I keep expanding my nest
upward, I’ll eventually encroach on their main territory.
It’d be an airspace violation. There’s no way of knowing whether they’ll
let that slide.
Worst-case scenario, it’s entirely possible that hundreds or even thousands
of bees will attack me all at once. What a nightmare.
Obviously, no volume of web would be enough to protect me against
numbers like that. And the bees aren’t the only thing I have to worry about.
For the moment, no other monsters have been showing up at the bottom of
this pit.
Just that first snake and the earth dragon.
But if that dragon happens to wander by again…
Last time, I was able to wait it out by hiding under rocks, but if I’m
expanding my nest, I’m going to draw attention whether I like it or not.
And if I catch that thing’s eye, it’s all over.
Even now, I’m afraid the behemoth might show up at any moment.
In other words, while success would mean escape from this dangerous
hellhole, it’s still an extremely risky strategy.
But it doesn’t look like I have any other choice.
Even if I do, nothing’s coming to me right now.
And so, I make up my mind. Time to expand my nest!
First, the foundation. You can’t make a house without a solid base. It’s
even fair to say the foundation is what makes or breaks a home.
And what better rock to use for construction than…this one!
My first refuge down here.
The stone rests right up against the wall and is pretty hefty: about twenty
feet tall and fifteen feet wide. I’ve decided to use this as the support for my
extension.
So far, my webs take up the space between this rock and the wall and a

--- PAGE 153 ---
little ways beyond.
First, I seal up the space between the rock and the opposite wall with more
thread. Then, I add another strand diagonally from the top of the rock to the
wall. Next, I connect the wall and the rock with more webbing, using that
diagonal as a guideline.
Now my foundation is complete.
All I have to do now is build upward from there, one step at a time.
I proceed with my work little by little, pausing to snack on the bee for
stamina on occasion.
Along the way, I sometimes notice one bee squad or another watching me,
but they still don’t conduct any assaults.
Apparently I’m not in their attack range just yet.
Once I finish eating the bee, I decide to call it a day and get some rest.
It’s now day five.
The pain seems to have let up considerably. My HP is still 6.
Since it hasn’t recovered at all, my Pain Mitigation skill must have risen
while I was sleeping.
Not being in agony is a nice change.
I’ve been able to work this whole time thanks to my Pain Nullification
skill, but the weakening of the pain still makes a huge difference.
Of course, the sensation hasn’t gone away completely, and the injury
hasn’t healed, but still. It’s definitely easier.
I never suffered an injury this severe when I was a human.
Up until my reincarnation, the most painful experience I’d ever had was
when I stubbed my little toe on the corner of a door. Man, that hurt.
But it was nothing compared to a gaping hole in my back.
Since I’m starting to feel a bit better, work is progressing smoothly.
Along the way, another outcast bee comes along. But one of the squads is
pretty close by, too. Hmm.
As an experiment, I decide to take a swipe at it. I want to know whether
the nearby group will react if a stray gets attacked. If they do, I’ll
immediately retreat deep into my nest. And if they don’t react, I’m good to
go.
I take a swing with the Morning Spider.

--- PAGE 154 ---
Take aim, aaaand…now!
Oh, I got it.
Wow. Am I amazing or what?
I hadn’t expected to hit anything at all with this, but now I’m two for two.
Me, the one who came in dead last in my grade for the softball toss during
our physical fitness test…
Oops, I was so surprised that I forgot to watch the main bee group’s
reaction.
The bee squad is…over there. Hmm. No reaction. So if I savage an
outcast bee, the others won’t come after me.
Is it just me, or is that a little heartless?
I guess maybe you have to be a little cold-hearted to survive in the wild…
Well, if they aren’t going to attack, that’s a win in my book. Now I can
pick off the stragglers to my heart’s content. I practically cackle to myself as
I collect my prize and finish it off with my venomous bite.
As I hunt yet another vagrant bee (I’ve lost count at this point), I hear the
voice I’ve been waiting for.
<Experience has reached the required level. Individual small taratect has increased from LV 2 to
LV 3.>
<All basic attributes have increased.>
<Skill proficiency level-up bonus acquired.>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Strength LV 1] has become [Strength LV 2].>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Solidity LV 1] has become [Solidity LV 2].>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Overeating LV 1] has become [Overeating LV
2].>
<Skill points acquired.>
The moment of my long-awaited level-up has arrived.
My skin promptly peels away from my body.
Though I can’t see it, I can feel the large hole on my back closing itself
up.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Acquired skill [HP Auto-Recovery LV 1].>
Huh? For real?

--- PAGE 155 ---
Ooooh. Now this is unexpected.
Wait, so does the full recovery with each level-up count as auto-recovery?
I’m totally thrilled, but if I could offer one comment of constructive
criticism, I’d rather I’d gotten that skill a little sooner…
Then I wouldn’t have had to suffer so much this whole time. But you
shouldn’t look a gift horse in the mouth. The only proper reaction is to
celebrate finally leveling up and clearing away so many of my worries.
Honestly, that was a close call. Just as I’d originally feared, my HP had
started to go down.
When it first dropped from 6 to 5, I felt the certainty of death looming
over me.
After that, it continued to slowly ebb, and by the time I leveled up, it had
whittled itself down to 3.
That was seriously close.
Thank goodness I suppressed my anxiety long enough to focus on
shooting down those bees.
The hunt is going smoothly. Surprisingly, my long-distance attacks with
the Morning Spider hit the mark every time.
I can’t get over it. Is this another benefit of my spider body?
Probably thanks to that, I gained two new level-1 skills: Throw and Hit.
Both of them would probably make my Morning Spider attacks even better.
And with this latest level-up, three of my skills powered up, too.
I don’t really know what any of them did, but if they leveled up, I must be
earning proficiency for them somehow, so it’s possible that I’m benefiting
from them without even realizing it.
Well, it certainly can’t hurt to level them up, I guess. Although the
Overeating one does get on my nerves…
As I work on my webs and hunt more bees, I make enough use of my
Spider Thread and Thread Control that they rank up as well.
The Spider Thread skill now stands at level 8, and Thread Control at level
5.
The latter is definitely more useful than I originally thought.
At level 5, I can manipulate threads with vastly superior speed and
precision.
Picking up that skill was a great decision.
Pain Mitigation is level 5 now, too, which makes life even easier.

--- PAGE 156 ---
The good thing about this skill, besides the obvious benefit of less pain, is
that even if I don’t feel the discomfort, I can still tell when I’m in a dangerous
situation.
Pain has a function, after all, as a signal alerting you to threats or poor
conditions. So if you can’t feel it, you won’t know when your body is in
danger, but with this skill, I can still tell how deep or severe a wound is even
if I’m immune to any of the sensations it would normally cause.
It’s hard to put an intuitive impression like that into words, but if
anything, I’d say it’s like I have an awareness of unease or aggravation or
something from the wound.
Anyway, thanks to that, there’s no disadvantage to the dulled pain.
That being said, the skill is still only level 5, so it’s not like pain is
completely absent.
Now that I’ve leveled up, I figure I might as well see how much my stats
have changed.
<Small taratect LV 3 Nameless
Status: HP: 38/38 (green) MP: 38/38 (blue)
 SP: 38/38 (yellow)       : 38/38 (red)
 Average Offensive Ability: 21 Average Defensive Ability: 21
 Average Magical Ability: 19 Average Resistance Ability: 19
 Average Speed Ability: 369 >
Oh-ho-ho.
My HP, MP, and SP went up 2 points each, as did my attack and defense,
and my magic and resistance went up 1 point each.
And then there’s my speed. What’s up with you, Speed? I think it was 348
before. So it went up 21 points?
That’s a little weird, no?
Kind of a big leap compared to my other stat increases, if you ask me…
I mean, my speed bonus for a single level-up is the same as my total for
attack and defense? Is this for real?
Never mind that it’s greater than my magic and resistance… What the
hell?
Oh well. I decide to turn a blind eye to the ridiculously lopsided nature of

--- PAGE 157 ---
my stats. It’s a little too late for that now, anyway. I finally got my wish of
leveling up and fully recovering, so now it’s time to focus all my efforts on
escaping.
While I was injured, I obviously worked more slowly, and I had to be
extra-cautious as well.
So from now on, I’ll hunt stray bees whenever the opportunity presents
itself, maintaining a steady supply of stamina as I expand my nest.
Right now, my webs span about a quarter of the distance to my goal.
There’s still a long way to go.
The bees still haven’t made any efforts to wage war on me, but I don’t
know how long that will last. With this in mind, I have to make sure to
maintain enough strength to fend off possible bee incursions while I carry on
construction.
Still, it’s proving fairly difficult.
Just as I guessed, building up a wall is a lot harder than doing it along the
ground, so the higher I build my webs, the harder the work becomes.
I have to stretch thick strands from the foundation rock to serve as a base,
then secure those with more threads all over the place.
And this is what it’s like just a quarter of the way up; it’s only going to get
harder from here on out.
Nevertheless, I have to do it. I don’t know when the earth dragon might
pop up again. I need to get out of here before that happens.
In the worst-case scenario, I may have to abandon the nest partway up and
hope that my speed will be enough to push through.
It doesn’t seem like a great option, but if it comes down to a life-or-death
situation, I won’t have much of a choice.
In the hopes of avoiding that particular scenario, I do my best to keep
building.
I think the time has finally come.
<Finjicote       LV 6: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Finjicote       LV 4: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Finjicote       LV 5: Status Appraisal Failed>
<Finjicote       LV 5: Status Appraisal Failed>
<High finjicote       LV 1: Status Appraisal Failed>

--- PAGE 158 ---
One of the bee squads is flying right toward me.
This wasn’t the attitude of the teams that would periodically buzz by to
keep an eye on me. Without a doubt, these guys are coming to fight an
enemy.
At this point, my nest is about halfway up to my target position.
When I initially got this far, the behavior of the bees started shifting
gradually, but apparently they’ve finally decided they can’t leave me be any
longer.
But it was still only one squad.
I’m not sure whether the bees are underestimating me or if this squad is
just a scouting party while the rest hang back to see what’ll happen.
At any rate, they’re sorely mistaken if they think a single squad can beat
me now that I have a nest.
I ready my Morning Spider.
The nest is made up of standard mesh-shaped webs, but I’ve left gaps
large enough to throw a Morning Spider through.
The gaps aren’t nearly large enough for the six-foot-long bees to enter,
though.
My opponents can’t get past my web, but I can attack them from inside as
much as I please. Though they could also just fly away whenever they want,
so we’ll call it even.
The two level-5 squad members fly toward me.
Hmph. As if two at once would be enough for my defenses.
My Spider Thread skill is level 8. Even at a low level, my thread was
already impressively sturdy, and it’s only gotten stronger with every level
since then.
Sure enough, the two bees contact the surface of my nest and are promptly
tangled up in the unbroken thread. Despite their mass and speed charging in,
my nest didn’t take a single bit of damage. It’s totally unshaken, literally and
metaphorically.
The threads I used to make it are highly durable, with rubberlike elasticity
for shock absorption. When a certain amount of weight is applied, the threads
flex and soften the impact.
The two bees’ bodies weren’t enough to trigger that. In other words, my
web withstood the full power of their attack on the basis of its durability
alone.

--- PAGE 159 ---
It’s not that the bees’ attack was particularly weak.
As far as I could tell from my observations, these bees are actually rather
strong.
I’ve even seen a squad haul back a snake as one of their victims.
They have plenty of advantages: unilateral attacks from the air, venomous
needles, and powerful physiques.
Under normal circumstances, they’d be a considerable threat.
Because they stay airborne, most attacks can’t reach them, and they can
easily make a preemptive strike.
But that’s exactly why they’re weak to anti-aircraft-style attacks. If you
ask me, the success of my Morning Spider attacks has as much to do with
their lack of vigilance as it does with my good aim.
Still, in a normal fight, a bee is a formidable enemy. But only normal
fights.
My trump card—my home—is not normal.
It has abnormal defensive power, adhesiveness, and my extraordinarily
good strategies.
I’m sure these insects have never seen combat tactics like this.
After all, I’m combining all the strengths of a spider with the intellect of a
human.
For the time being, I ignore the two bees that rammed into my web and
are now stuck. I toss my Morning Spider toward the other three, who still
haven’t fully processed the situation.
The leader bee, unable to dodge in time, receives the attack straight to the
face. After all, it’s always best to aim for the head first.
Letting the centrifugal force and gravity do most of the work, I swing the
leader bee down toward the bottom of my nest.
And just like that, I’ve eliminated their captain.
Without their team leader, the two remaining bees of the squad hang
frozen in the air with no idea what to do.
Works for me.
I swat down the higher-level one first with my trusty Morning Spider. As
it watches, the last bee finally comes to its senses, but its next tactic is very
poorly thought out.
I don’t know what it hopes to accomplish, but it simply launches its whole
body right at me.

--- PAGE 160 ---
Did you not see what happened to the first two guys, pal?
At any rate, the desperate attack obviously doesn’t reach me, and the final
bee crashes tragically into my web and stops moving.
Well, that’s almost disappointing.
When I first fell down here, those enemies were terrifying, but now that I
have my nest, they can’t even touch me.
Considering that three body slams haven’t been enough to even shake the
surface of my web, I doubt they’ll be able to reach me no matter how many
come at me.
I’ve just proven how strong my webs are.
Compared to the defensive capabilities of my silk, the attack power of the
bees wasn’t nearly high enough for a breach.
Honestly, I imagined my home would at least take enough damage to
require repairs, even if they didn’t break completely through.
There are still hundreds of bees flying around above me.
At first, the number horrified me, but now that I know they can’t tear
through my webs, it’s another story.
Whether there are a hundred or a thousand, if they can’t pierce my nest,
their stingers will never reach me.
Finally, the chances of my escape are starting to improve.
Feeling exultant, I set about finishing off the bees I caught.
After I repelled the first squad with ease, the other bees started coming at
me constantly. I dispatched the second wave as easily as the first, but after
that it became a bit of a problem. That was when several squads started
attacking at once.
This is unreal.
Well, actually, I guess it’s a good idea from the bees’ perspective, but
still.
As the target, I would prefer it if they didn’t come at me in such large
numbers, is what I’m saying. Sure, I’m safe and sound in my nest, but it’s
still an oppressive sight.
Who would want to spend their days constantly surrounded by giant
drones buzzing around?
I heave a sigh as I take a look. Bees, bees, bees, as far as the eye can see.

--- PAGE 161 ---
Seriously, what the hell?
With this many of them in one place, the buzzing is getting really loud.
It’s super-annoying. How am I supposed to sleep?
Besides, if I keep on diligently taking them out, there’ll be too many for
me to eat.
Sure, I feel like I could eat a lot more than normal because of that
Overeating skill, but even that has its limits.
Considering how big one of these buzzers is, acquiring them in bunches of
five at a time could be overwhelming.
I mean, my Overeating skill even increased to level 3 because of them.
Thanks a lot, bees.
The most annoying thing of all is that dealing with them is totally
preventing me from working on my nest.
My primary objective is escaping from this place. Not fighting a bunch of
stupid monsters.
And yet, their attacks are so constant that I’m completely unable to
continue construction at all.
I have more than enough food by now, so I’d be more than happy to leave
them alone, if they would just stop attacking me!
I have no way of getting them to understand that, though.
At any rate, it looks like I have no choice but to use the brief lulls between
the bee raids to make progress on my nest project.
At this point, they’re so focused on me that leaving the nest at all would
be suicide.
Clearly, my previous backup plan of speeding past them isn’t viable.
No matter how fast I am normally, I wouldn’t be able to use my full speed
running vertically, so I can only see that strategy ending in me getting caught
and stabbed mid-climb.
Aw, dammit.
Getting delayed like this is the last thing I wanted… I still don’t know
when that earth dragon might show up again.
Wait… Earth dragon?
Suddenly, I feel a terrible chill run through my body.
What was that…?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nooo!!!
I can’t bear to look.

--- PAGE 162 ---
I can’t bear to, but I have to anyway.
 
<Earth dragon Araba       LV 31: Status Appraisal Failed>
 
My worst fear has come true. And worse yet, it’s definitely eyeing my
nest.

--- PAGE 163 ---


--- PAGE 164 ---
What am I gonna do?!
No, there’s nothing I can do.
Nothing at all, and I know it.
I sure can’t fight that thing.
The only option I have is to pray that it’ll leave me alone.
But that option gets pulverized in an instant, along with my hopes of
survival.
The earth dragon opens its mouth.
Right. A dragon’s strongest weapon is usually some kind of breath-based
attack.
A thunderous roar booms out.
The blast whips through the air. A whirlwind of destruction explodes all
around me.
I don’t really know what’s happening.
But this much is clear.
My nest has disappeared, along with its rock foundation. For that matter,
the wall behind the foundation has a huge hole blown through it, too.
Even the wall opposite is full of cracks.
As the fissures spread, rocks begin crumbling away from the wall.
It’s collapsing.
The single attack has decimated over half my nest. Even the remnants
higher up start falling apart along with the wall.
I’m somewhere in that upper part.
It doesn’t seem like the breath attack hit me directly. Still, I’m tumbling
down with the webs around me.
Without a spare second to react, I slam into the ground.
Ouch.
My HP is utterly devastated. But somehow, I’m still alive.
I’m not dead yet, but I don’t know for how much longer things will stay
that way.
The rest is all up to the whims of the earth dragon.
One of my webs lands on top of me.
But that may actually be a good thing.
My body is totally covered by thread now, hidden from view. And none of
the falling rocks hit me directly. If I keep hiding here, it’s possible the dragon
might not notice me.

--- PAGE 165 ---
With the faintest of hopes, I hold my breath and do my best to stop my
body from trembling in terror.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Acquired skill [Fear Resistance LV 1].>
My shaking abates somewhat.
I’m still terrified, though.
My body hasn’t stopped trembling.
Help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me, help me!
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Stealth LV 2] has become [Stealth LV 3].>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Fear Resistance LV 1] has become [Fear
Resistance LV 2].>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Stealth LV 3] has become [Stealth LV 4].>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Fear Resistance LV 2] has become [Fear
Resistance LV 3].>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [HP Auto-Recovery LV 1] has become [HP
Auto-Recovery LV 2].>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Fear Resistance LV 3] has become [Fear
Resistance LV 4].>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Stealth LV 4] has become [Stealth LV 5].>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Fear Resistance LV 4] has become [Fear
Resistance LV 5].>
The Divine Voice (temp.) pulls my mind back to reality.
Or maybe that’s just my new Fear Resistance skill skyrocketing in levels
while I’m busy quivering.
At any rate, I have no idea how much time I’ve spent hiding.
Based on how much my skills have improved, I must’ve been concealing
my breathing for a while.
I wonder if I could tell how much time passed by checking how much my
stamina decreased, but for some reason, it hasn’t decreased at all.
I use Thread Control to pull the web off my body. Then I crawl out slowly
from the pile of fiber.
The earth dragon isn’t around anymore.
I’m saved.