 BABY SPIDER BEATDOWN
The Demon Lord, Vampy, and Mera have all gone into town.
To kill time, I’m amusing myself by remodeling the puppet spiders as
usual, when suddenly, I detect a warp in space.
The telltale sign of a Teleport spell.
Someone’s about to warp here.
Who? I don’t even need to bother wondering.
I’d recognize that waaay-too-perfect manipulation of space anywhere.
Just as I suspected, Güli-güli appears before me.
If there’s anyone else in the world who’s this good at Teleport, well…
let’s just say I hope there isn’t.
As an administrator, Güli-güli uses Teleport even more precisely than I
do.
Even though I have Height of Occultism, too.
I doubt anyone else could be on this level.
“It’s been a while.”
The puppet spiders are visibly alarmed by Güli-güli’s arrival, but I nod as
calmly as I can.
“We don’t have much time, so I’ll cut straight to the point: Your copies
are on a rampage. Please do something about it.”
Come again?
Hmm? What did he just say?
My copies are on a rampage?
Wait, what? Does he mean my Parallel Minds?
“Perhaps it would be faster to show you.”
With a wave of his arm, Güli-güli creates some kind of screen floating in
the air.
What kind of magic is that?!

But what’s on the screen is even more alarming than the screen itself.
It’s the town where Vampy once lived.
And a huge swarm of white spiders is attacking it.
Say whaaaaaaaat?!
“You see? If this is not your doing, I would like you to stop it.”
Huh? Whuh?
“And if this is your doing, I shall have no choice but to react
accordingly.”
Ignoring my confusion, Güli-güli’s voice takes on a dangerous tone.
“I believe I told you before that if your actions lead to results that run
counter to mine, you shall find me standing in your way. Did I not?”
Uh-oh. Am I in trouble?
I don’t think there’s any way even I can win against an administrator,
right?
In which case, there’s only one correct answer.
“I’ll go stop them.”
For once, I make a firm statement out loud.
Mostly because if I didn’t, he’d probably kill me on the spot.
With that, I waste no time in starting to prepare a Teleport spell.
“You will, will you? Good.”
Güli-güli looks relieved.
I guess this was a pretty tight spot for him. If he laid a hand on me, he
might very well be making an enemy of D.
Doing what he says right now is best for both of us, really.
What the hell are those Parallel Minds doing anyway?!
Are they stupid? Do they want to die? I hope so, ’cause I’m gonna kill
’em for this!
I haaate it when other people hold me back, but I never expected my own
damn selves to hold me back, too!
As I rage inwardly, I notice the puppet spiders in a panic in front of me.
Oh yeah. What should I do about them?
Since they’re under orders from the Demon Lord to keep watch on me,
wouldn’t leaving them here mean they’re technically shirking their duties?
The Demon Lord might get mad at them for that, even though they didn’t
do anything wrong.
I guess I’d feel a little bad.
Maybe I should give them the option to at least be able to say they were

watching me the whole time.
“Want to come, too?”
The puppet spiders look at one another, then nod in perfect sync.
Okay.
Then let’s go!
I teleport us behind the army of spiders.
Wouldn’t want the townspeople seeing what I look like now, after all.
Ideally, I should probably be helping the people fighting on the front
lines, but I’ll just have to hope they have it under control.
What I need to deal with personally are those idiot Parallel Minds of
mine.
Their spider army is so huge, you can’t even see the ground, but I don’t
need to search to know where the Parallel Minds are.
They are me, after all.
Besides, when there are nine specific spiders who are emitting an aura
totally different from the rest of the swarm, it doesn’t take a genius to figure
out that those are my Parallel Minds.
At any rate, I should probably shove my way in there and talk to them.
I don’t wanna endanger the puppet spiders, so I’ll have them hang back
for now.
“Hey, dummies, what’s the big idea?”
My words come easily enough for once. Maybe it’s because it’s my own
selves I’m talking to.
“Geh?! The main body! You’re onto us already?!”
One of the Parallel Minds responds to me with Telepathy.
“You wanna tell me what exactly’s going on here? Güli-güli showed up
to complain to me about it.”
“Whaaat?”
“That Güli-güli sure acts fast.”
“So fast he was gonna kill me if I didn’t stop you guys! Cut it out, will
ya? Seriously, what d’you think you’re doing?” I make no effort to hide my
annoyance.



The Parallel Minds look at one another, then turn to me like I’m the one
being unreasonable.
“What d’you mean, ‘what’? It’s obvious we should kill all the humans.”
Huh?
Excuse me?
I don’t quite understand.
“You’re not making sense.”
“If you don’t understand that, you’re the one who’s not making sense.”
…Ahhh.
I guess I do kinda get it after all.
I mean, I guess I already knew, or I wouldn’t have chased them out of my
mind and into new bodies in the first place.
These guys aren’t me anymore.
They’re similar but not quite the same.
In other words, they’re their own people.
And now these other people are becoming a huge pain in my ass.
If I don’t stop them, Güli-güli’s gonna kill me, so I have no qualms about
crushing them.
That being said, one against nine isn’t exactly ideal for me.
Huge as the rest of the spider army might be, their stats are so low
compared to mine that I can honestly just ignore them.
But even without counting them, I’m still outnumbered.
And my opponents are my own clones.
That means their stats and skills should be the same as mine.
The biggest difference is probably that I’m a half-human, half-spider
arachne, while these guys are still the same small spider monsters I used to
be.
But there are nine of them.
If I try to fight all of them head-on, I’m not gonna be the one who comes
out on top.
So instead, with no preamble whatsoever, I draw close to one of the
Parallel Minds.
Then I swing the giant scythe in my hands, piercing through its head.
“Wha—?!”
“Have you lost your mind, main body?!”
You’re the ones who’ve lost your minds!
I use the front scythe-legs of my spider half to slash at the impaled

Parallel Mind.
In the meantime, finishing up the preparation of my large-scale Dark
Magic spell, I unleash it on the rest of the agitated Parallel Minds.
No matter how fast they might be, they can’t avoid my attack if its scale
is too large to escape completely.
It hits all of them at once.
Of course, that spell isn’t going to kill them.
Since they have the same stats as I do, any magic that can be invoked that
quickly won’t be able to finish them off.
But it’ll work just fine as a preemptive attack.
I’m sure the Parallel Minds weren’t expecting me to attack them out of
the blue.
So, before they can stand back up, I finish off the one I stabbed with my
scythe.
Even I can’t do anything if my head is crushed. That’s where your brain
is, after all.
Without a brain, you can’t think, which means you can’t do anything.
Luckily for me, the main body, I have both a spider head and a human
head, so as long as one is intact, I can still keep functioning.
I know that for a fact, since my human head got blown off during the
fight with Potimas and I still managed to get by.
But these Parallel Minds have only the one.
Psh, these boring old spiders without a human half couldn’t beat me in a
hundred years!
With the head still impaled on my giant scythe, I use my spider scythes to
tear this one to pieces.
One down.
Eight to go.
With one of their number taken out, the rest of them seem to fully
recognize me as an enemy now.
Each of them is starting to prepare its own magic.
Seems like six of them are going to cast instantaneous spells, while the
other two are charging up more powerful magic.
I’m guessing the six are going to try to pin me down with a barrage of
spells so that the other two can finish me off with the big guns.
As if I’m just gonna let that happen! Divine Dragon Barrier, activate!
This is the extra-powerful form of Dragon Barrier, which dampens the

power of magic.
It’s the same method the Demon Lord used to render me powerless
before, so these guys won’t be able to use magic now.
At least, that’s what I thought at first.
But then I barely manage to dodge the spells that come flying at me with
no regard for the barrier at all.
Crap. This isn’t gonna work.
One of the other Parallel Minds is using a Divine Dragon Barrier of its
own to cancel mine out.
Black Spears come flying at me, so I dodge them or cancel them out with
my own magic.
As an arachne, I have two heads and even two hearts.
That means I can do two things at the same time.
Specifically, I can activate up to two spells at once.
But there are eight opponents.
The math of two heads against eight still doesn’t work out in my favor!
I can’t quite manage to dodge or counter them all, so some of the spells
hit my body.
Individually, of course, the attacks don’t do that much damage.
But as they say, too much straw will break the spider’s back.
Judging that things will only get worse from here if nothing changes, I
charge toward the two who are preparing larger-scale spells.
I take a few hits from the other six on the way, but they’re not gonna be
fatal wounds, so I’ll have to ignore them.
Realizing I’ve abandoned defense in favor of attacking, one of the
Parallel Minds speeds over to stand in my way.
This one must have realized that magic wasn’t slowing me down, so it’s
planning to stop me with physical combat.
The Parallel Mind shoots thread at me, which I stop with thread of my
own.
Then I swing my giant scythe down at the Parallel Mind, but it swings up
its own scythes to block me.
The result: My giant scythe slices right through the Parallel Mind’s body,
scythes and all.
Sliced in half by a single stroke, the Parallel Mind turns to dust and
disappears.
Sure, our stats might be roughly the same, but this was bound to happen.

Why? Because of Rot Attack.
Rot Attack imbues any physical attack with the Rot attribute, a powerful
attribute that controls death.
It’s so strong that even when my stats were total garbage, it was able to
take out a far more powerful monster in one hit.
However, that high power comes at a cost, since the Rot attribute hurts
the user as well.
To put it simply, whatever body part I use Rot Attack with gets totally
ruined.
When I first got this skill, I used it on one of my scythes to attack a
monster. As a result, the monster turned to dust, and my scythe got destroyed.
So it’s basically a self-destruct attack that harms the user in exchange for
dealing a huge amount of damage to the opponent.
Because I had Rot Resistance, it only did that much damage to me, but
apparently if I hadn’t had that resistance, it could’ve killed me with one use.
Talk about a dangerous skill.
But wait!
All you have to do is use that dangerous skill through a weapon!
If I put the Rot attribute on a weapon, it won’t cause any damage to my
body!
And maybe because it’s not a living thing, the weapon doesn’t even take
damage, either.
In other words, I can now use that vicious Rot Attack without any risk at
all!
Sure, the Parallel Minds can use Rot Attack, too, but they’re still just
spiders.
That means they can’t hold weapons.
If they use Rot Attack, like I said before, they’ll damage themselves, too.
I can use Rot Attack as much as I want with zero risk, but they can’t use
it without being prepared to pay the price.
This makes a huge difference.
Since our stats are roughly the same, if I want to do big damage with a
single attack, I’ll have to use a really powerful move.
And most of my really powerful moves are magic-related.
Any major spell requires a decent amount of time to prepare, even when
using the Height of Occultism skill I have.
Which means that if the Parallel Minds want to cause serious damage to

me, they’ll have to spend a while preparing a spell first.
I, on the other hand, just have to wave my Rot Attack–infused scythe,
which of course doesn’t take any prep time at all!
This advantage will more than make up for the difference in numbers
between us!
Seven to go!
“That scythe is bad news!”
“It’s Rot Attack! Don’t let her get too close!”
Ugh! I knew they would figure it out.
Realizing how powerful my scythe is with Rot Attack, the other Parallel
Minds quickly move to get away from me.
In the meantime, they keep flinging magic down on me like hail.
I follow hot on their heels, but our stats are the same, which means our
speed is, too.
I can keep up, but I can’t catch up to them.
At this rate, they’ll just keep shooting at me as I chase after them.
Damn. This isn’t looking good.
The pair who’s been preparing spells this whole time is getting ready to
use Abyss Magic.
Um, excuse me.
How are you gonna use soul-destroying magic against me, your main
body?!
I’ll die, you know?
If that hits me, I’ll die!
Are you actually totally okay with that?!
But I doubt they’d listen to me if I said all that out loud.
I mean, I’m the one who started trying to kill them first.
By now, they must see me as nothing more than an enemy.
It’s too late to stop them with words.
I can only rely on force now.
But how exactly?
Frankly, the situation’s not looking good.
I’ve been using Divine Dragon Barrier and Antimagic Evil Eye to try to
hinder their magic, but they’re just canceling them out by using identical
skills.
Same goes for Sealing Evil Eye.
I guess now we know that Evil Eyes can cancel each other out.

It’s precisely because our stats and skills are the same that having more
numbers puts them in a way better position.
My main advantages are my human half and the fact that it allows me to
use Rot Attack with my scythe, but that doesn’t matter if I can’t get close to
them.
Isn’t there any skill I can use to stop their Abyss Magic?
Should I activate Antimagic Evil Eye in all my eyes?
Ah, wait a second. I might have ten eyes if you include my human half,
but those guys have seven times eight eyes altogether!
The extra pair of eyes on my human body doesn’t matter one bit when
there’s a boatload more on their side!
So Sealing Evil Eye won’t work, either. In fact, even if they didn’t cancel
it out, I don’t know if it would have much effect.
Sealing Evil Eye renders a skill temporarily useless, but that seal is
treated as a status condition.
It won’t work on a target with Status Condition Nullification.
If only I could stop them from using a skill, I would seal Abyss Magic!
…Hmm?
Prevent them from using a skill?
Wait, don’t I have a way of doing literally that?
An idea hits me, so I test it out right away.
““Huh?!””
All the Parallel Minds exclaim in confusion.
As soon as I hear that, I know my experiment was a success.
And I know I’ve won.
My victory is now so assured that I feel silly for panicking before.
Now I could win this fight while picking my nose.
I mean, I’m not going to, but still. That’s how easy this’ll be.
Talk about certain victory.
You can’t blame the Parallel Minds for being surprised.
After all, they can’t use magic anymore.
The Abyss Magic they were preparing has been totally canceled out, too,
leaving all their plans in shambles.
And I’m not naive enough or nice enough to just stand around while
they’re confused.
Immediately, I’m on top of them, aiming my scythe at one of their heads.
The Parallel Mind gets impaled instantly, leaving its body twitching.

Another one comes back to its senses and starts to shoot some thread at
me, but nothing comes out.
“Why?!”
Drawing my giant scythe back, I swing it at another Parallel Mind.
This time, though, it manages to dodge my attack, and all of them
quickly move away from me.
Still, now they’re down to six.
The body I did stab turns to dust as a result of the Rot Attack.
The other Parallel Minds have managed to move out of my range, but
they’re milling around, clearly unsure how to attack me.
“What did you do?” one of them asks, as if unable to bear not knowing
any longer.
But I don’t answer.
I just silently ready my scythe.
What I did is simple.
I turned off my skills.
As you might know, skills can be turned on and off.
Long ago, when the earth dragon Araba realized it’d been defeated, it
turned off its skills so I could finish it off.
That was the first time I realized you could turn skills on and off.
No, I guess I already figured you could do that, but I’d pretty much
forgotten, since there didn’t seem to be any point in doing so.
I mean, turning skills off has zero benefits.
Obviously, if you turn off a skill, you can’t use it anymore.
That’s it. Nothing special happens.
It doesn’t make your other skills level up faster, or conserve energy, or
anything like that.
Frankly, there’s usually no reason to ever turn off skills.
But in this case, that little function turns out to be my ultimate saving
grace.
After all, my opponents are copies of me at the end of the day.
As my Parallel Minds, their power is really my power.
All that strength, including their skills and stats, is borrowed from the
real me, the main body.
So what happens if I, the main body, turn off those skills?
The answer rests with the confused Parallel Minds before me, unable to
use magic or thread.

Without Height of Occultism, they can’t use magic.
And turning off the Divine Thread Weaving skill deactivates their skills.
I also turned off the Evil Eye skills, their resistance skills, and most other
skills, too.
Even Immortality.
If I’m killed right now, I’ll be dead for good.
And the same applies to the Parallel Minds.
Really, though, they’re just parts of me that happened to gain their own
bodies.
If they die, they’ll just return to me again.
As it stands, the three Parallel Minds I’ve killed have already come back
to me and are yelling annoyingly inside my head.
Ideally, I could just turn off the Parallel Minds skill and be done with it,
but of course it wouldn’t be that easy.
I wasn’t able to turn off the Parallel Minds skill, maybe because they’re
in their own bodies right now.
Still, that’s not really a big deal.
These guys have no way of winning anymore.
They can’t turn the skills back on, because it was me, the main body,
who turned them off in the first place.
When all’s said and done, they’re copies of the original: me.
They can’t override the main body’s commands.
Originally, Parallel Minds is a skill that divides your consciousness into
copies, none of which is any better or worse than the other.
The Parallel Minds and I are supposed to be the same exact being.
At least, that’s how it used to be.
Once they absorbed Mother, my Parallel Minds changed.
From that moment on, they were no longer “me” anymore.
They’re their own separate beings who just happen to resemble me.
But I’m still in control of my own power.
Their skills and stats are all borrowed.
This bunch of fakers thinks they can go around using my power for
whatever they want?
Not happening.
Giant scythe in hand, I break into a run.
The Parallel Minds scatter, flying in all directions.
I set my sights on one of them and swing my scythe.

My target dodges a few times but can’t keep it up forever against my
equally matched stats; soon my scythe grazes a leg, which is enough to cut it
off with ease.
With its movements hindered by the loss of one leg, the rest is in the bag.
I skewer its head, just like the Parallel Mind I killed before.
As I finish that one off, another Parallel Mind tries to attack me from
behind.
Its scythe-leg comes down on the back of my human half.
But it’s no use!
The dress I made with Divine Thread Weaving catches the Parallel
Mind’s scythe.
It can’t block it completely, of course, so the scythe manages to cut
through and reach my skin, but it barely leaves a scratch.
Hardly any damage at all.
The Parallel Mind, clearly panicked by how little effect its attack had,
tries to withdraw.
Think again, pal!
I swing my scythe around, the blade cutting through the Parallel Mind
behind me.
Just like that, the Parallel Mind’s body is cut in half in midair.
Four to go.
Without their skills, the Parallel Minds are just a bunch of small spider
monsters with high stats.
Their only attack options are biting with their fangs or slicing with their
front legs.
And without skills like Cutting Enhancement, even those don’t amount to
much.
They can’t inflict a fatal wound on me when I have the same stats.
On top of that, I can turn their skills off whenever I want.
If they decide to self-destruct and use a Rot Attack, I can just turn off that
skill, rendering their attempt into a normal physical attack.
I have nothing to fear from them.
Of the four remaining Parallel Minds, three of them attack me at once.
One goes for my human neck, one for my spider head, and the last
follows shortly after the first two.
I’m sure the fourth one is going to try something once I dodge the first
two attacks.

I know exactly what you guys are thinking.
Because I’m thinking the same thing.
Guess I’ll do something they don’t expect.
When the first one aims its scythe at my neck, I catch it with my human
half’s mouth.
When the second one aims its scythe at my spider head, I block it with
my spider half’s scythes.
The third one, surprised by this turn of events, tries to hit the brakes, so I
ruthlessly swing my scythe at it.
Unable to stop in time, the Parallel Mind’s head runs straight into my
scythe.
At the same time, the first attacker uses the scythe that’s not in my mouth
to stab at my head.
Kshhh. It goes in straight between my eyebrows.
Yeah, no waaay was I gonna be able to dodge that one.
The scythe threatens to pierce right through my skull and hit my brain,
but I’m not letting that happen.
I grab the scythe with my free hand and yank it out with all my strength.
Now this poor Parallel Mind has one of its scythes trapped in my mouth
and the other in my hand. There’s nowhere to run.
I swing my scythe with one hand to complete the execution.
Two more to go.
But in the meantime, the one who was locked scythe to scythe with my
spider body has retreated.
On top of that, it’s trying to run away.
Fair enough. I guess most people would run if they realized their chances
were this hopeless.
Anyone would run. Even me. In fact, it’s because I would run that this
one’s running.
The other one who didn’t attack me already tried to run, too, but it looks
like the puppet spiders actually blocked that one’s escape route.
Huh. Guess I’ll leave them to it, then.
Which means I’m free to go after the other one.
Our stats are the same, so I won’t be able to catch up to it by running.
That means it won’t be able to lose me, either, but I’d rather not just play
chase forever.
So I turn on a single skill.

Repellent Evil Eye, activate!
I unleash a gravity attack on the fleeing Parallel Mind.
It doesn’t really do any damage, but that’s not my goal anyway. I’m just
trying to slow it down.
As long as extra gravity is slowing it down, I’ll catch up soon enough.
Our base speed is the same, after all.
“J-just kill me! Wait, on second thought, please don’t kill me!”
No, I’m definitely gonna kill you.
“Huh?! Seriously, cut it out! Why are you stopping us?! What’s wrong
with you, main body?! Killing everybody would make things so much easier!
Plus, it’s the fastest way to save this world, so isn’t that the most logical
course of action? Why would you get in the way of that?! It doesn’t make
sense!”
Like I said, you guys are the ones who don’t make sense.
Seriously, why would you come to such an extreme conclusion?
The effects of absorbing Mother must’ve given them some seriously
weird ideas.
Admittedly, I do partly understand what they’re saying.
If you think about how the system works, killing tons of humans really is
the fastest way to save this world.
But eradicating humans to do so is totally missing the point.
My guess is that this is something Mother wanted to do but couldn’t, so
they’ve inherited her will.
Ugh, so annoying.
For now, I just cut down the Parallel Mind who’s shrieking in front of
me.
The Rot attribute turns its body to dust.
At the same time, the Parallel Mind itself returns to me, shrieking all the
while.
Ughhh, so loud.
Now there’s a total of eight Parallel Minds clamoring around in my head.
The last remaining one is locked in an intense battle with the puppet
spiders some distance away.
It’s one against four, and the Parallel Mind has no skills.
Even so, it’s putting up a pretty good fight.
I guess its stats are relatively high compared to the puppet spiders’, huh?
If anything, the puppet spiders must be pretty strong to be holding their

own against such a big stat difference.
My magical modifications have made them pretty strong.
At this point, I’ve more or less rebuilt from scratch the doll bodies that
serve as their outer shell.
Honestly, there’s not a trace left of how they originally looked.
You can barely tell they’re not human anymore, and my Divine Thread
Weaving skill has made their bodies stronger, too.
I’ve hidden four of their six arms as a sort of gimmick; they’re normally
stashed away inside the doll bodies, making them look that much more
human.
Right now, of course, they have their hidden arms out, since they’re
fighting seriously and all.
They were already really strong monsters, with stats averaging over
10,000, but my modding has made them even stronger.
…Kinda weird, huh?
They’re subordinates of the Demon Lord, which should make them
potential enemies to me.
Why in the world am I making them stronger?
Yeah, it’s a little strange.
But however strong they might be now, they still can’t beat the Parallel
Mind.
Its stats are the same as mine, after all.
I already know for a fact that the puppet spiders’ weapons don’t work on
me.
So if the Parallel Mind has the same stats as I do, their weapons won’t
work on it, either.
Even with its skills sealed, its stats are plenty high enough to defeat the
puppet spiders.
That’s right! Even if I make them a little bit stronger, the puppet spiders
still won’t be able to beat me, so it’s fine.
Yeah, let’s go with that.
Anyway, I better step in before the puppet spiders get hurt.
The Parallel Mind is so busy dealing with them that I can easily attack it
from behind.
KO! Winner: me!
The final Parallel Mind’s body scatters into dust, and it returns to my
head.

The puppet spiders must’ve been having a pretty tough time, because as
soon as they see that, they all flop to the ground.
Good work, ladies.
With the Parallel Minds taken care of, I can turn my skills back on.
Now I just have to decide what to do with this ridiculously huge army of
spiders.
Looking around, it’s all spiders as far as the eye can see.
It sort of reminds me of the hellish sibling war I first saw when I was
born in this world.
Pretty traumatic, to be honest.
What am I gonna do about these guys, though?
The fastest way would be to finish ’em all off with some massive Area-
of-Effect Magic, but I would feel a little bit bad about that.
I mean, they were only acting on the Parallel Minds’ orders. They’re
really just babies with no will of their own.
As I think about that, I sense something magical from the town.
From my perspective, it’s fairly weak, but it seems like it’s going to be
on a pretty big scale.
Big enough to wipe most of them out.
Just then, a light bulb goes off in my head.
As the magic user in the town prepares a spell, I prepare one of my own.
The magic user’s magic activates.
It’s some massive AOE fire attack.
Wait, is that the Scorched Earth spell the earth dragon Araba used on me
a long time ago?
Whoa. I didn’t know there were any humans who could use the same
kinda magic as an earth dragon.
Its scale and strength aren’t anywhere near Araba’s, but it’s still damn
impressive.
Hmm? Wait a sec, why does this magic user have an Appraisal icon?
Ah! I know!
That’s the damn old man who burned down my home with magic in the
Great Elroe Labyrinth ages ago!
Fancy running into you here!
Now I can take my revenge for the home you burned!
Oops, while I was thinking all that, the magic-using old geezer finished
his spell.

Hellfire burns its way across the ground.
No big deal, though, since the spider army’s not there anymore.
Right before the mage used his spell, I activated Teleport and tossed the
spider army right back into the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
From the mage’s point of view, it should look like his spell wiped them
all out.
What are they gonna do back in the labyrinth?
Don’t ask me. That’s their problem.
Childcare?
Hey, it was the Parallel Minds who popped ’em out, not me.
Anyway, looks like this case is closed.
As for the old mage… Hmph. I guess I’ll let him off for now.
If the guy who’s supposed to have destroyed the spider army suddenly
dies, it’ll look unnecessarily suspicious.
Like this whole situation isn’t already gonna raise a whole lotta
questions.
But it took guts to stand up to that giant army of spiders and risk his life
to shoot off that huge spell, so I’ll take that into consideration and let him live
this time.
You better appreciate my incredible generosity, pal!
All right, guess we’re done here.
With that, I teleport back to where I came from along with the puppet
spiders.