AFTERWORD
Hello, I’m Okina Baba, and I don’t get any stronger if I take off my clothes.
The only people who get stronger when they remove clothes are ninjas.
If an old man takes off his clothes, he won’t get any stronger.
He’ll just be a weirdo!
The only place where it’s acceptable to be fully nude is at home and at
the bathhouse.
Everyone, please behave yourselves and don’t imitate this behavior.
Anyway, this is the sixth volume.
Honestly, I’m not sure how things wound up this way myself.
That old man is seriously out of control…
But let’s forget about that ridiculous geezer.
I believe this volume is a little different in nature from the previous ones.
The S chapters, which take place further in the future than the main story,
don’t appear this time, so all the chapters take place in the same time period.
Not only that, but instead of the usual nonstop battles, this volume
focuses more on the characters’ inner turmoil and relationships with others,
which also makes this volume unusual.
The one thing that hasn’t changed is that our protagonist still does
whatever she wants! And the old man does, too.
Incidentally, one of the characters who spends time in the spotlight this
time around, Merazophis, might just be the subject of one of my favorite
illustrations.
As soon as the illustrator, Tsukasa Kiryu, sent me the character designs, I
actually exclaimed, “Whoa! This is totally Merazophis!”
I was impressed by how the illustration really brought out his overly
serious nature.
Kiryu-sensei never fails to impress.
Anyway, I wound up liking Merazophis even more because of that, so his
role has grown a lot compared to the web version.

Don’t blame me!
Finally, a few words of thanks.
Thank you to Tsukasa Kiryu, who always draws such beautiful pictures.
Those illustrations really are one of my biggest motivators.
Also, thanks to Asahiro Kakashi for continuing to draw the manga
version so wonderfully.
Honestly, I can’t get over how amazing Kakashi-sensei is.
I don’t know what else to say about someone who manages to transform
such a difficult source text into a super-entertaining manga.
The third volume of that manga comes out at the same time as this
volume of the novels, so please do check it out.
Thanks as well to my editor Mr. K and everyone else involved in getting
this book out into the world.
And thanks to everyone out there who’s picked it up.
Thank you very much.