 THE PONTIFF’S DECISION
“I see.”
After hearing my subordinate’s report, I’m unable to suppress a sigh.
The first information I received via Fartalk was that the capital of Keren
County in Sariella had been attacked by a swarm of spider monsters.
Our soldiers, who were in the middle of a departure ceremony before
leaving to attack the next town, were caught in this attack, though they
fortunately managed to fend it off.
However, they took heavy losses and will no longer be able to march on
as scheduled.
This means an immense delay to our plans.
In fact, it’s no longer clear whether we will be able to carry out this plan
at all.
The spider army that attacked is most likely connected to Lady Ariel.
When we spoke in person, however, I didn’t get the impression that she
was too attached to the Goddess religion.
Which leaves only one possible culprit in my mind.
The Nightmare of the Labyrinth.
A highly unusual spider monster, which Lady Ariel insisted was not her
subordinate.
That is the only other being I can think of that could do such a thing.
However, this doesn’t quite seem to add up.
Lady Ariel stated that she had things “under control” with the Nightmare
of the Labyrinth.
Though she declined to share any details, I assume that means they’ve
reached some kind of agreement.
If so, why would something like this occur?
It doesn’t make sense.

However, the fact remains that it happened.
If what happened at our battle before was the work of the Nightmare of
the Labyrinth, it must be supporting Sariella, acting separately from Lady
Ariel.
If so, would it not be foolish to attack Sariella any further?
The elves are acting behind the scenes to create some kind of human
trafficking ring.
The demons now have Lady Ariel as their Demon Lord.
There is a great deal that must be dealt with outside of Sariella.
And it might be dangerous to risk making an enemy of the mysterious
power known as the Nightmare of the Labyrinth at a time like this.
“We shall reexamine our invasion of Sariella. Keren County will still be
incorporated into Ohts, but let us refrain from attacking them any further.”
I see in the back of my mind the image of a certain man holding a young
infant as I give these orders.