 THE SERVANT’S DREAM
“Merazophis, tonight we drink.”
“Tonight, Master? That is to say, again?”
“Come, now—don’t be so stodgy. I simply must drink to carry on.”
With his duties done for the day, my master produces a bottle of sake.
This is far from the first time he has requested me to join him in an
evening drink.
According to him, I become more emotional when I have consumed
alcohol and voice opinions that I would normally never utter.
Evidently, the master enjoys hearing such things.
“Oh dear. Having a good time without me, are we?”
The door opens, and my mistress enters the room.
Her eyes are already on my master’s bottle of sake.
“Seras, you know that if you join us for a drink, you are sure to fall
asleep within the hour.”
“No, I’m quite certain I can stay awake this time.”
The mistress is quite weak to liquor.
A single sip can put her right to sleep.
Nevertheless, she says the same thing every time and never fails to fall
asleep.
The master pours three cups.
Then he leads a toast, and our cups clink together lightly, emitting a clean
sound.
I enjoy the pleasant fragrance as I bring the drink to my lips.
My master tends to prefer stronger liquor, but tonight’s drink is quite
sweet and smooth in one’s throat.
Hearing the sound of a glass being placed on the desk, I turn to see my
mistress already nodding off, just as I expected.

My master smiles amusedly, puts his arms around his gently swaying
wife, and lifts her with the utmost delicacy.
Then he lays her down gently next to the sleeping Sophia and pats her
head lovingly, upon which the mistress slips into a contented sleep.
The master chuckles. “She does not seem to appreciate being left out of
our little evening drinks. It’s quite endearing.”
“It is indeed.”
The mistress, whom I have known since childhood, has always been
honest and adorable.
Though I knew it was never to be, I could not help being taken with that
carefree smile of hers.
And so, I am glad that it is my master who became her husband.
I know that he will never do her wrong.
As long as the mistress is happy, it is but a trifle to lock away these
feelings of mine.
“Merazophis, I am sorry.”
And yet, my master now apologizes to me with a look of anguish.
“I failed to protect Seras from such terrible misfortune. I was not strong
enough.”
I shake my head quietly. “I have no doubt that she was happy. How else
could she sleep with such a peaceful expression?”
Ah, the scene is still burned into my eyes.
My mistress sleeping peacefully in the arms of my master.
They loved each other until the very end.
Yes, what happened was truly unfortunate.
But my mistress was loved by my master and was happy.
I know that to be true, and so my master need apologize for nothing.
“Even so, let me apologize. I put you in grave danger and saddled you
with the burden of grief for us. If you do not wish to bear it any longer, you
are free to set it down at any time. You know that, don’t you?”
“All the more reason that you should not apologize, Master. I have
chosen to protect the young miss of my own free will.”
That’s right. This is my choice.
I will protect the young miss until my last breath.
“Master John Keren, whom I hold dear as my lord and as my friend.
Mistress Seras Keren, whom I love as a woman. I wish to protect your child.
Because you have entrusted her to me but, most of all, because I wish to

protect her more than anything else.”
Of course.
I have a reason to live.
And yet I forgot that reason and dwelled solely on my own feelings.
Even when I knew how much worry I was causing the young mistress,
whom I am sworn to protect.
I must protect her, yet she is always saving me instead.
“I will not hesitate any longer. I shall protect the young mistress in your
stead.”
That is the least, and the most, I can do.
I cannot shower her in familial love as her parents did.
But I can stay by her side and support her.
The young miss is strong.
I doubt that one as weak as myself can provide her with much support,
but I will do everything I can.
“It is not grief that I shoulder for the two of you. It is love, for you and
for the young miss. And I shall never set it down until the day I die.”
My master smiles at my words.
Though he does not cry, he wears the face of one smiling through tears.
Then, silently, my master finishes his drink and stands up.
He lifts the sleeping mistress and begins to walk toward the door.
“Merazophis…take care of Sophia.”
With that, he steps beyond the threshold.
My eyes snap open.
My hand, still reaching for my master as he stepped through the door,
grasps nothing but air.
I felt that if I did not stretch out my hand, I would never see my master
and mistress again.
And I was right.
They are no longer of this world.
Tears begin to dampen my cheeks.
I bring my outstretched hand back to my face, wipe away the tears, and
stand.
I must have caused them a great deal of worry.
So much so that they deigned to appear in my dreams.
Master, Mistress, you do not need to worry any longer.

I shall protect the young miss.
This vow I swear to uphold until my final breath.
So please, sleep and be at peace.