 THE OLD MAN MEETS AN
ADMINISTRATOR
The spiders have narrowly escaped the attack of the three earth dragons.
And now, they’re in the midst of a mass migration through the Lower
Stratum of the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
As they skitter along in droves, I walk in their midst as well.
I wonder at first where we’re going, but before long, we arrive at the
destination.
And there, I immediately understand the spiders’ current purpose.
“Eggs…?”
Before my eyes are several enormous eggs.
And standing at the forefront to protect them are several earth wyrms.
Looking closer, I see the corpses of some spiders at the earth wyrms’
feet.
I see.
The earth dragons were trying to protect these eggs.
A small group of spiders must have happened upon them while hunting,
and the dragons defeated them, then set out to retaliate against the spiders’
main army.
They were trying to cut off the threat at the source before any harm could
come to the eggs.
How tragic, then, that all three of them were defeated instead.
It’s possible that two of them were even the parents of these eggs.
But now, since those parents are gone, the eggs’ only protectors are these
wyrms, far weaker than their dragon counterparts.
Generally, wyrms are not considered weak monsters, but they don’t stand
a chance against this powerful spider army.

Perhaps they know that as well, for the cries they let out to intimidate the
spiders now sound frail and fearful to my ears.
Nevertheless, the wyrms bravely stand to protect the eggs, and the
spiders charge at them mercilessly.
At this rate, the wyrms will all be killed and disappear into the spiders’
stomachs along with the eggs and their contents.
Until someone arrives to prevent that future from coming to pass.
“I think this has gone far enough.”
It’s a man shrouded in darkness.
His body is completely covered in black armor that almost looks like a
carapace.
His handsome face is dark-skinned as well, giving him the overall
impression of the embodiment of the color black.
The only exception is his red eyes, which are now staring coolly at the
spiders.
He looks at me for just an instant, then averts his gaze.
…Perhaps it was my imagination, but his expression almost seemed as if
he’d seen something he shouldn’t have.
How rude.
But who exactly is this rather impolite fellow?
Surely he is no ordinary human, since he’s appeared here in the Lower
Stratum of the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
In fact, is he even human at all?
I attempt to Appraise him, but the result reads simply CANNOT BE
APPRAISED.
Cannot be Appraised?
It’s a similar result to when I Appraised the master, but while that great
being somehow blocked my Appraisal, here it is impossible to begin with.
This person must be on a similar level to the master, then, or perhaps
something even more mysterious. That is the only possible conclusion.
Especially given the reaction of the nine spiders, who are all eyeing the
man with a wariness that borders on fear.
These same spiders defeated those earth dragons with ease, but they are
treating this man with the utmost caution.
He must be strong.
So strong that I doubt I could lay a scratch on him.
I didn’t even sense his arrival, after all.

He must have used Teleport, but I didn’t even notice.
Unbelievable.
There wasn’t even the slightest hint that someone was about to teleport
here.
His skills with magic must be extraordinary.
If I didn’t know better, I might even suspect that he could be stronger
than the master.
“Withdraw at once. Any further violence will be taken as a declaration of
war against me personally.”
At that, the spiders all freeze in place.
For a moment, everything is perfectly still.
Then the spiders turn around in perfect unison and flee the area at
incredible speed.
Unable to keep up with their sudden acceleration, all I can do is watch
them leave in shock.
Sensing a gaze on my back, I turn around to see the man in black armor,
staring at me with an impossible-to-read expression.
“Why are you following those creatures?”
His voice sounds genuinely puzzled.
In fact, his bafflement is so like that of an ordinary human that the
tension leaves my shoulders.
“It’s obvious, is it not? To pursue the pinnacle of magic.”
I puff up my chest.
“The pinnacle of magic. In other words, you wish to improve your
magical abilities?”
“Indeed.”
That strikes me as an oversimplification, but I decide to agree instead of
wasting valuable time quibbling over the details.
I am not simply seeking to improve my magic. I wish to reach the
ultimate heights of what magic is capable of.
“Why are you so concerned with refining such a thing? They are a part of
that which wiped out your men, you know.”
Why would I want to refine my magic?
What a ridiculous question.
“If I do not strive for the greatest heights of magic, then who will?”
It’s quite simple.
If I do not attempt to reach the pinnacle, then no one will.

That is why I must reach it. I have no other choice.
If I am humanity’s strongest mage, then I must be stronger in magic than
anyone else.
Otherwise, I…
Hrm? Otherwise, what?
The man looks uncomprehending for a moment, then shakes his head as
if he’s given up.
“It would be in your best interest to stay away from them.”
“I can do no such thing. There is still so much that the spiders can teach
me. And I have yet to meet that great being again.”
Yes, it’s simple.
I am following the spiders to learn from them and to encounter the master
of magic again.
I cannot stay away from them when I have yet to accomplish either of
those goals.
“I see.”
The man does not look particularly disappointed by my refusal.
Or is it that he’s been wearing the expression of someone looking
perturbed from the very beginning?
Heavens, what a terribly rude man.
“Well, then. Ahem. If you are doing this of your own free will, I will not
stop you. However, could you not at least put on some clothing?”
…Ah.
That’s right. I’m completely naked.
I suppose it’s common sense for any human to react like this.
However, if I wish to reach the pinnacle of magic, I cannot let myself be
held back by common sense forever!
“Hmph. You must be young yet to be disturbed by something like this.”
I am not so weak as to be embarrassed by such a paltry matter!
Look upon me!
This is how the man called Ronandt lives!
“Ah. Erm. I see. It’s quite clear that you are beyond help. In which case,
could you not perhaps go from this place now?”
“Indeed! I shall take my leave!”
I must catch up to the spiders before they leave me behind for good.
Thus, I turn my back on the man in black and chase after them at once.