--- PAGE 10 (PDF index) ---
 JULIUS, AGE 11: BEGINNINGS
When I was young, I loved the epic tales of heroes that my mother would
read to me.
Hearing my beloved mother’s gentle voice describe the great deeds of the
heroes always made my heart dance.
Some were even based on heroes who really existed in the past, and I
wanted to be just like them.
Banishing evil and protecting the weak…
I wanted more than anything to become a noble hero.
When I told my mother this, she simply responded with a smile.
“Of course. I’m sure you will, Julius.”
I was so thrilled by her answer that I decided right then and there to
devote myself to living up to the strong yet kind heroes of legend.
To always hold justice close to my heart and never allow evil to go
unpunished.
Young as I was, I knew I had no real chance of ever becoming a hero, but
I wanted to at least have the attitude of one so that I could be a good prince.
I never imagined that not long after that moment, I really would be a hero.
When it happened, I was more confused and nervous than excited, but my
mother gently encouraged me.
“You only need to be yourself, Julius. After all, you’re already my hero!
Just having you close by gives me courage.”
At the time, I was too flustered to tell her how happy those words made
me.
And I would never get another chance.
Mother…to me, you were the real hero.
Even now, thinking of you fills me with the strength to go on.
1
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 11 (PDF index) ---
I’m trying to be myself, to embody the kind of hero I believe in, like you
always told me to.
But lately, I’ve been having doubts.
What if there are some obstacles in this world that no amount of ideals
can surmount?
What should I do if I run into an impassable wall?
Mother, please give me just a little more of your courage.
“Expose a human-trafficking organization?”
“Yes, that’s right. I would like you to spearhead the efforts as the hero.”
The elderly man smiling gently before me is the leader of the Word of
God religion, Pontiff Dustin LXI.
He looks like a perfectly normal old man, but there’s an aura of holiness
about him that makes his powerful standing incredibly apparent.
And yet, his soft smile is strangely reassuring. He isn’t intimidating at all.
But while this pontiff seems like the ideal holy man, I don’t like dealing
with him.
I know he’s not the kind and saintly man he appears to be.
My first battle—the war between Ohts and Sariella—has become a bitter
memory.
Following the pontiff’s orders, I participated in the fighting on the Ohts
side.
Since victory was supposed to be certain and the dangers minimal, he
suggested that I could at least experience what it felt like to stand on a real
battlefield, and I accepted his invitation.
The hero has always acted with the support of the Word of God.
As such, there is a bond between the two that can never fully be broken,
and requests from the Word of God are difficult to turn down.
Besides, at the time, I had no particular concerns about the offer, so I
accepted without thinking about it too deeply.
The result of my blindness was the disaster that befell a town in Keren.
As the Ohts soldiers ravaged the place, the townspeople turned glares of
hatred on me. Their warmhearted smiles were nowhere to be seen.
I endured not only their stares but every stone, kick, and punch they threw
as well.
2
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 12 (PDF index) ---
As the hero, I should be the representative of all humanity, but since I
participated in a war between humans and chose a side, the natural
implication was that the opposing side—the country of Sariella—must be in
the wrong.
Only after I witnessed the destruction of the devastated town did I realize
for the first time that I had misjudged my role as the hero.
My individual strength matters little in the grand scheme of things, but the
title of Hero carries the weight of all the generations that came before me.
What people value is the concept of the hero, not me specifically.
In other words, whoever currently inhabits the role of the hero must carry
the weight of every hero who has come before.
I’d allowed myself to be used because I failed to understand that properly.
Manipulated by Pontiff Dustin, the man standing before me.
“Are you aware that children all over the world have been disappearing
without a trace? Our investigation has revealed that the culprits are part of a
massive human-trafficking organization, one which transcends the borders
between nations. In order to combat this criminal enterprise, the Word of God
has created a special task force. And I would like you to lead that force.”
The pontiff quietly continues his explanation.
I have been hearing quite a bit about young children being kidnapped in
countless areas.
If it’s the work of a human-trafficking organization, I definitely can’t let
that slide.
Kidnapping is a crime, and all the more unforgiveable if the children are
being sold.
If what the pontiff says is true, that is.
“Do you have any documents about this organization? I’d like to take a
look at them before I decide, please.”
I won’t give my answer right away.
I agreed to join the battle between Ohts and Sariella without thinking
things through, and I’ve regretted it ever since.
Every action I take needs to be carefully thought out.
Instead of blindly doing whatever I’m told, I have to think about what a
real hero would do.
This is also important to prevent others from taking advantage of my title
again.
3
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 13 (PDF index) ---
“But of course. I shall have them brought to you at once. I should also
mention that the commanding officer of the force has requested to meet you.
If you have the time, would you be willing to speak with them?”
“All right.”
I part ways with the pontiff and go back to my room.
“Whew…”
As soon as I’m alone, I heave a sigh.
The Holy Kingdom of Alleius is home to the headquarters of the Word of
God religion and has teleport gates linking it to every country of note.
Naturally, it also has a dedicated room that has been used by generations
of heroes, located here for maximum coverage and access in case any
emergencies arise.
These teleport gates are one of the reasons I can’t ignore the Word of God
if I am to continue acting as humanity’s hero.
A few steps can bring me to a distant country on the other side of the
continent in the blink of an eye.
I can go right from being on standby to helping the people who are in
trouble moments later.
So no matter how wary I am of the pontiff, I cannot simply refuse to deal
with him.
I think back on the pontiff’s gentle smile.
Hiding behind that smile is a cold, calculating politician.
You would never know it by just looking at him, but the pontiff is willing
to commit any atrocity if he deems it necessary.
That became painfully clear to me during the battle between Ohts and
Sariella.
But that doesn’t mean he’s a force of absolute evil, either.
The pontiff never acts out of self-interest. Everything he does is for the
sake of the Word of God faith and for the people who believe in it.
He takes actions befitting a man who rules over others.
Sometimes he even seems like what all kings should aspire to be.
He’ll use any means necessary to accomplish his goals.
And his goals are never malicious or corrupt.
So while I’m bitter that he used me, I can’t wholeheartedly hate the
pontiff.
I know far too well from watching my father what duties come with being
4
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 14 (PDF index) ---
king.
There often comes a time when you have no choice but to make painful
decisions for the sake of your people.
I am no fan of the pontiff, and I prefer to avoid him if possible, but I don’t
loathe him enough to refuse him outright.
That’s my honest opinion of the pontiff.
Which is exactly why it’s unsettling.
I was taken advantage of and witnessed the tragedy of Sariella firsthand,
but the pontiff clearly doesn’t fit the description of evil.
He acts in accordance with what he believes is right and does his best to
see that justice is served.
If that is true, then what is justice really?
I don’t understand.
What is the right thing for me to do?
A knock on the door pulls me out of my swirling thoughts, back into the
present.
“Come in.”
It must be someone bringing the documents about the human-trafficking
group that I requested from the pontiff.
But when I respond, an unexpected person opens the door.
“Pardon me. It’s good to see you again, Sir Hero.”
A graceful middle-aged man bows smartly and enters the room.
His polished manners and fine clothes mark him as a high-ranking noble.
However, the well-defined muscles that are visible even through his shirt
show that he’s a seasoned fighter as well.
“Mr. Tiva! It’s good to see you, too.”
Tiva is a noble and soldier of the empire. He looked after me in Sariella.
“I am glad to see you in good health. My blood certainly ran cold when I
heard of Lord Ronandt’s latest exploits.”
I force out a weak laugh at Mr. Tiva’s playful joke.
I really did think I was going to die…
Even now, my master sometimes appears in my nightmares, cackling with
his body wreathed in flames.
Enough. Just thinking about it makes me shudder.
5
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 15 (PDF index) ---
“So what are you doing here, Mr. Tiva?”
I change the subject with a question I’m genuinely curious about.
Mr. Tiva is an important figure in the empire, so I doubt he would come
all this way for no reason.
“Oh, you haven’t heard? I am in fact the commanding officer of the
special task force created to combat the human-trafficking organization. If
you end up leading us, I shall serve as your deputy. Otherwise, I shall assume
the role myself.”
This is completely unexpected, at least to me.
“Mr. Tiva, you’re acting as a commander for the Word of God?”
Tiva is a soldier of the empire. While the Word of God is the chief
religion there, it seems rather unusual for a person from another nation to be
heading up this force.
“Ah, yes. Your doubts are perfectly understandable. Various
circumstances led to this curious development. Please allow me to explain.”
With that, he gestures for me to sit.
I comply and settle on the sofa in the reception area, and Mr. Tiva takes a
seat across from me.
“First, please have a look at this.”
Tiva holds out a sheaf of papers covered in writing.
The topmost document contains the names of several nations, along with a
certain set of numbers.
“These are the estimates of how many have likely been kidnapped by the
human-trafficking organization.”
“What?!”
I can’t help but exclaim out loud.
This is far higher than anything I expected.
Even the lowest estimates are at least two digits, and they go up to three
digits on the higher end.
The empire’s number is so high that it almost requires a fourth digit.
“I’m afraid it’s true. There has always been some degree of illegal human
trafficking in the past. However, the amount of activity in recent years is
beyond unusual. With more disappearances occurring throughout the world
than ever before, we concluded that there must be an organization of
unprecedented scope behind these kidnappings—a gigantic group determined
to spread its evil influence across the world. And so the various realms have
6
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 16 (PDF index) ---
agreed to collectively combat the problem. If this league of villains has
tendrils committing sinister deeds all over the world, then every nation has an
obligation to work together to stop them. However, there are certain
complications that come with an operation of this scope. Because of its
influence over many different nations and it being the home of the main
branch of the Word of God, the Holy Kingdom of Alleius was selected to
take the lead on this whole endeavor.”
Judging by Mr. Tiva’s explanation, this human-trafficking organization is
far larger and more dangerous than I had even imagined.
So much so that the only way to stop it was a special task force combining
the powers of several states.
“No nation will openly complain about the Holy Kingdom of Alleius
being in charge, no matter how they might feel privately. And you, being
both the prince of the powerful Analeit Kingdom as well as the hero of
humanity, are to be the commander. With myself, a soldier of the equally
influential Renxandt Empire, as your right-hand man, we should be able to
maintain a careful balance.”
The Holy Kingdom of Alleius, the Analeit Kingdom, and the Renxandt
Empire.
This combination of the three greatest powers would naturally silence
virtually all complaints.
It’s a very logical plan, typical of the pontiff.
And at the same time, I realize that I have no choice but to agree.
Considering how far things have already come, everyone involved must
have already been informed that I’m the top candidate to lead the task force.
If I was to decline and Mr. Tiva became the supreme commander instead,
I’m sure rumors would spread quickly.
It would be one thing if it was only my own reputation at stake, but that
could cause trouble for my home country of Analeit as well.
I’m sure the people of other nations would jump to some damning
conclusions about why I declined, including those critical of the kingdom
itself.
That’s the last thing I want.
Again, I am reminded that my life and decisions are not truly my own.
I have two roles: as the hero and as the prince of the Analeit Kingdom.
And I must never act in a way that would tarnish either title.
7
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 17 (PDF index) ---
Any mistakes I make will not end with only my suffering.
I’d be dragging the names of past heroes through the mud and bring
shame to the Analeit Kingdom to boot.
The weight of my title and prince-hood is not so trivial as to forgive my
mistakes simply because I’m still a child.
The pontiff is perfectly aware of that and crafted a scenario that leaves me
no room to refuse.
I can’t say I’m surprised in the slightest.
“It doesn’t seem as if I can decline.”
As I heave a sigh and respond, Tiva smiles dryly at me.
“It appears you’ve stayed true to your resolve, seeing, thinking, and
making decisions for yourself. That’s an admirable thing.”
“…Not that it matters, since my hand’s been forced regardless.”
Whatever my intentions are, the pontiff likely still sees me as a child who
can be easily manipulated.
This series of events has only proven that to be true once again, which is
deeply depressing.
But Tiva has a thing or two to say about my grumbling.
“Not that it matters? I would say it matters quite a bit. You are acting
based on what you believe is right. That will not go unnoticed. I’m sure there
will be many who decide to follow you because of your character. Such as
myself, for instance.”
Mr. Tiva winks at me.
I’m impressed that the playful gesture suits him so well, even at his age.
“You are the hero, but you are also an individual human being. There are
those who see you for who you are and what you do, not just your title. And
if you continue to think and act based on your personal sense of justice,
people will naturally come to follow in your footsteps. I’m sure in time, that
will prove to be a great source of strength.”
I feel my perspective grow as I think on Mr. Tiva’s words.
I’m a hero but also an individual.
That idea is the complete opposite of how I’ve been approaching my life
all this time.
But Mr. Tiva is saying that my personal decisions are what’s important,
not my title as the Hero.
That I should gain more followers with my actions, not my status.
8
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 18 (PDF index) ---
“And if those people prove to be truly trustworthy, so much the better.”
Mr. Tiva smiles, but his words also seem like a warning that I shouldn’t
be too quick to accept people I’m not sure I can trust.
“At any rate, you have to build these things over time. Let more people
see you in action and share your beliefs. No one will listen to someone
without a proven record, no matter how loudly they shout. I’m sure there are
people who would follow you based on title alone, but that isn’t reliable. You
need people who will stand with you because it’s you. Now, you’re still
young and inexperienced, with few accomplishments to speak of. But that
also means you’ll have plenty of opportunities ahead of you. There’s no need
to rush. Just keep moving forward one step at a time.”
Slowly…
It’s true that I don’t have nearly enough experience yet.
“Fortunately, there’s no hidden dark side to this request. It’s a mission of
justice, to save people who are suffering because of this human-trafficking
organization. You may not have enough of a voice to protest assignments
from the Word of God just yet, but if you carry out these requests and amass
successes, your fame is sure to rise. This request involves many different
nations, too, so it’s the perfect opportunity. Use it to your advantage instead
of simply letting others use you. That, too, is a kind of strength that you will
need.”
This has been very educational.
Mr. Tiva’s advice is just what I needed.
I should exploit the pontiff’s requests as a stepping-stone, the same way
he’s been exploiting me.
“Still, you must be careful not to be fooled by sneaky adults. For example,
you should consider how I might only be saying all of this because I want
you to join the force.”
Startled, I look at Tiva only to find him grinning teasingly.
From his expression, I can tell that he’s half joking.
The other half is a warning.
As if to emphasize this, Mr. Tiva’s smile fades into a serious expression
as he continues.
“It’s very important to lend an ear to the viewpoints of others. But you
mustn’t simply take everything they say at face value. You will have to think
about it yourself and come to your own conclusions. What is right? What is
9
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 19 (PDF index) ---
wrong? Only after agonizing over these things will your answer have any
worth.”
In other words, never stop thinking?
“Now then, that’s enough preachy lecturing from this old man.”
“No, it was incredibly helpful. Thank you.”
Mr. Tiva smiles kindly and hands me the other documents pertaining to
the request.
“I’ll let you have a look at these. Read them over, think long and hard,
then decide for yourself whether to accept.”
“I will.”
Giving a satisfied nod at my response, Mr. Tiva at last leaves the room.
Decide for myself…
I’ll review the documents and then make up my mind, like he suggested.
That said, in my heart, I’ve already decided what to do.
I’m going along for this mission.
If Mr. Tiva will be with me as my deputy, then there’s nothing to fear.
I’ll think, act, and press forward one step at a time.
So that I can live up to my vision of the ideal hero.
As I harden my resolve, I tightly clutch the scarf wrapped around my
neck.
10
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 20 (PDF index) ---
11
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com