--- PAGE 22 (PDF index) ---
 JULIUS, AGE 12: FIRST EXPEDITION
It’s been about six months since I agreed to join the special task force for
combating the human-trafficking organization.
That means the New Year has come and gone, and I’m a year older.
In those six months, the task force has been fully assembled, and we’re
finally setting forth to smoke out the organization.
The reason it took half a year to mobilize is because so many different
nations are supplying soldiers for this mission.
Each nation has their own goals in mind, so it took quite some time to
select who they would be sending, or so I’m told.
To be fair, it must be difficult to take swift action when there are so many
varying interests and expectations to account for.
I understand that’s unavoidable to a degree, but I can’t deny that I’ve
begun to feel restless.
Now that the long-awaited day has finally come, all I am is eager.
This is where it begins.
“Hey, Juliuuus! Tea’s ready.”
“How can you still speak to him so impolitely?! Childhood friends or not,
to address Sir Hero by name so casually is quite unacceptable!”
As I sit in the lounge mentally preparing myself, I hear two people
arguing. Their voices give it away that they’re about my age.
Turning around, I see a familiar girl and boy approaching.
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll be careful from now on or whatever.”
“Honestly! What sort of attitude is that?! You don’t intend to be careful in
the least, do you?!”
The boy shrugs as the girl rages at him.
This sort of exchange has become a regular ritual lately.
13
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 23 (PDF index) ---
The boy’s name is Hyrince. He’s from the Analeit Kingdom like me, and
despite his lax attitude, he hails from the noble family of Duke Quarto.
However, since he already has an adult elder brother who’s well-placed to
take over as the next head of the family, Hyrince is in a bit of an odd position
as the second son.
Among the nobility, a second son is often treated as a backup in case
something should happen to the first, but in Hyrince’s case, his elder brother
already has a child of his own, so he’s completely extraneous.
I can’t help but sympathize, as I occupy an equally strange place in my
family as the second son of royalty but born to a concubine.
That’s probably why we’ve been close since we were very young.
So yes, you could call him my childhood friend.
He’s one of my few close companions whom I’ve known since before I
became the hero.
And now, Hyrince is coming along as my attendant. In essence, his job is
to look after my needs.
It’s not the kind of job that would normally be given to the son of a duke,
second or otherwise, but since I’m royalty and the hero, I’m allowed
exceptions like this.
In fact, if Hyrince hadn’t come forward for the role, I probably would’ve
been inundated with petitions from all over the kingdom and even other
countries as people vied to get closer to me.
It was Hyrince’s status as a person of importance from my homeland that
allowed him to push aside the other contenders for this role.
I much prefer having a familiar friend by my side over someone I’ve
never met, especially strangers who likely have political motives.
But there’s one person who isn’t so fond of his frank nature.
Namely, the girl who’s been chewing him out since they entered the
room: Yaana the saint.
The saint is a role that pairs with the hero.
However, instead of being chosen through a title like the Hero, they have
to undergo difficult training from a young age and meet certain qualifications
to be selected.
14
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 24 (PDF index) ---
15
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 25 (PDF index) ---
In a way, candidates for sainthood must traverse an even more grueling
path than heroes, so the person finally chosen for the role is an elite beyond
any doubt.
At least, that’s how it’s supposed to be…
“Hey, Julius. Drink it before it gets cold, will ya? You gotta rest up while
you can, or it’s gonna be rough later.”
“Hey! Don’t you ignore me!”
…Hyrince’s attitude toward her doesn’t exactly make her seem that way,
though.
The saint is usually dispatched by the Word of God religion to support the
hero.
To say the saint is a mediator between the hero and the Word of God
would be putting it kindly. In reality, she’s more like an appointed watchdog.
At least, that was what I thought before I met Yaana here.
At first, I thought her attitude was just an act, but after half a year, I can
tell that’s not the case.
She’s earnest, meticulous, honest to a fault, and sometimes I catch myself
pitying her a little.
“How about you, Yaana? I did a pretty good job brewing it, if I do say so
myself. C’mon—don’t worry. There’s definitely no bugs in there or
anything.”
“Ugh…! No thank you!”
Strolling over boldly to sit at the table with me, his so-called master,
Hyrince starts drinking his own tea without waiting for me to start first.
Meanwhile, Yaana turns red and storms out of the room after having
enough of his teasing.
“Oh, some children have such short tempers.”
Hyrince can’t suppress a grin.
“That’s not very nice.”
“I can’t help it; she’s just so fun to tease.”
I sigh as my childhood friend cackles evilly.
“There’s really no need to keep provoking her, now that we know what
sort of person she is…”
Originally, Hyrince teased Yaana only to gauge her temperament and feel
her out.
He might seem simple and frank, but at heart, he’s more thoughtful,
16
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 26 (PDF index) ---
diligent, and sincere than anything else. Not many people know this side of
him.
Hyrince’s usual attitude seems to come so naturally that you’d have to be
incredibly observant to realize it’s all a facade.
And since he’s always putting on an act himself, he’s gotten very good at
figuring out when other people are lying or pretending.
Once Hyrince tested Yaana by deliberately provoking her multiple times,
he concluded that Yaana’s personality wasn’t a facade, and we figured she
was just being herself.
“…So why did the pontiff appoint Yaana as the saint, then?”
The position of saint is decided by appointment according to the pontiff
and cardinals of the Word of God. Since the pontiff has so much sway over
the Church, I’m sure he has a major say in the final decision.
If he wanted someone who would keep an eye on me, I’m sure there are
other candidates better suited for that role.
I hate to say it, but I don’t think Yaana is crafty enough to do that kind of
thing, and I haven’t seen her ever try so far, either.
“Maybe they figured it’d be preferable to not put a collar on you if they
don’t need to? Something along those lines?”
Hyrince sips his tea with such measured ease that it’s hard to believe he’s
really the same age as I am.
When Hyrince isn’t putting on his act, he looks incredibly mature.
The fact that he’s already grown taller than most kids our age only
enhances that effect.
Though to those who don’t know his real nature, he probably just looks
like a brawny know-it-all.
“I’m sure the pontiff doesn’t really want to get on your bad side. So he
probably picked a saint who would be a good ally to you. She’s honest, easy
to read, but still very talented. Plus, she’s got a strong sense of justice, just
like yours. Considering what a good match she is for you, it’s actually a
pretty thoughtful choice, don’t you think?”
Hyrince’s analysis is consistent with my own thoughts on the matter: The
pontiff was likely being deeply considerate of me when he chose the saint.
Maybe he realized that I don’t feel like I can trust him, and he decided to
try to improve our relationship.
Yaana might be a peace offering of sorts.
17
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 27 (PDF index) ---
“Julius, the pontiff isn’t your enemy. There’s no harm in being cautious of
him, but if you’re too paranoid, it’ll only make things harder for you, you
know?”
“Yeah…I guess you’re right.”
At Hyrince’s remark, I realize that I might’ve been subconsciously
treating the pontiff as a hostile entity.
“You’re right. I can’t get my foes and allies mixed up. I’m not fighting the
pontiff.”
I say it point by point, as if trying to convince myself.
But then Hyrince shrugs and adds, “Although that old man always makes
me feel like I’m being hoodwinked.”
The pontiff’s gentle yet deceptive smile comes to mind.
If he knew all of this would happen and sent Yaana as a calculated move,
then I’m probably playing into his hands yet again.
And I have good reason to believe that’s the case, since it’s happened
before.
…He’s not an enemy, but I still can’t quite bring myself to like him.
I close the door.
Then I turn away, giving in to the feeling of helplessness for a moment.
Beyond the door at my back, the commanders sent from each nation for
the task force are gathered.
With so many different nations participating, there is a great host of
soldiers to manage, so each group has been dispatched with a well-known
general from their respective lands.
These commanders have come here with the pride of their countries at
stake.
We just finished holding a meeting with all of them.
And I’ll be standing above them as the high commander.
My heart pounded with nerves at the weight and responsibility of my role
as I braced myself for the meeting.
But the result was far from what I expected.
No one, not a single person, looked at me once the actual planning began.
The only time I spoke throughout the entire meeting was to introduce
myself.
18
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 28 (PDF index) ---
Then I listened to the commanders’ introductions, and as soon as they
started discussing specific strategies, I was pushed out of the room.
No one considered me to be in charge at all.
Not a real leader, just someone who happens to fill that post while
possessing the title of Hero.
I remember how the various commanders looked at me the second I
entered the room. They expected nothing from me, as if they were glancing at
a pebble on the side of the road.
Nobody said anything of the sort to me, of course.
When I introduced myself, they all responded with respect.
But I could still tell, whether I wanted to or not.
To them, I’m nothing more than a figurehead.
I might be the hero, and the prince of a major kingdom, but they saw me
as nothing more than a child.
Instead of shouldering the heavy weight of my role as high commander, I
wasn’t even given a chance. It was painfully clear that nobody wanted me to.
Beyond that door, the commanders are discussing the force’s next moves.
I’m supposed to be in charge, yet I’m not even present for the discussion.
It’s not as though they physically forced me out, but once they said things
like “you can leave the rest to us,” it was hard to feel welcome in my seat.
Forcing the issue and staying would have accomplished nothing but
lowering their appraisal of me from a reasonable figurehead to an
unreasonable, troublesome child.
I have to be patient.
The commanders and I have only just met.
They have no reason to trust me yet.
Plenty of chances for that will come soon enough.
I have to close the distance between us, little by little.
There’s no need to panic.
All in due time.
“It’s fine. We’re still only getting started.”
I cling to my scarf as I try to reassure myself.
No one will hear me through that thick door.
My grip slackens, and I walk back to my room.
Then, a few days later, the task force sets out on its first expedition.
19
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 29 (PDF index) ---
“Hey, we’re heading into battle now, right?”
“Um. Yeah. I guess.”
My response to Hyrince’s question is slow and uncertain, but you’ll have
to forgive me.
I can’t help but have my doubts about the situation.
This is the special task force’s preliminary mission.
Since it’ll be our first battle as a unit, and there’s still some anxiety about
how good our coordination will be, we’re starting with a nearby area where
the human-trafficking organization’s presence is relatively low to minimize
potential losses.
But even so, is this really the right thing to do?
“Feels more like a sightseeing trip than anything else.”
I agree with Hyrince’s candid observation, though I don’t say so out loud.
We’re supposed to be tracking down and defeating a covert group of
traffickers…and yet, here we are in a fancy carriage.
There are knights on horseback surrounding us, as if they’re supposed to
guard us.
No, not “as if.” That’s exactly what they’re doing.
Judging by our carriage alone, no one would ever guess that I’m supposed
to be the in command of this entire force.
It must look more like some fancy noble or royal is coming along on
vacation.
This carriage sticks out like a sore thumb, milling about in the middle of
an imposing army on the march.
“There you go again!”
Sitting next to Hyrince, Yaana frowns at him.
“The commanders of the force prepared this carriage specifically for Sir
Hero! To complain about it is akin to rejecting their kindness!”
She’s right, of course.
And yet…
“You say that, but…do you really think that so-called kindness is for
Julius’s sake?”
At Hyrince’s sharp retort, Yaana opens her mouth, then falls silent.
Seems like, deep down, she’s not thrilled about this situation, either.
That’s a bit of a relief.
I’m sure there are plenty of commoners who would love to ride in a
20
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 30 (PDF index) ---
carriage like this.
Hyrince and I are an upper-crust noble and royalty, respectively, even if
our positions are unusual. We’re used to this kind of treatment, but Yaana
isn’t.
From what I understand, candidates for sainthood undergo strict training
from childhood and are cut off from much of the world.
If anything, I thought she might be more excited about experiencing this
kind of luxury than even a commoner might be.
We haven’t known each other for long, but I admit that her
straightforward personality made me suspect that would be the case.
At the same time, she also has a strong sense of responsibility, so I didn’t
think she’d make a big fuss or anything.
Surprisingly, though, she seems to feel as uncomfortable in this situation
as we do.
It turns out there are certain things you can’t learn about a person without
spending a good deal of time with them.
I suppose that means I have to keep communicating with others as well to
get a better idea of their character and, over time, find more people I can
trust.
“Um, well, you know. Maybe standing out like this will make the masses
feel safer or something?”
Yaana finally squeezes out an answer, but Hyrince simply snorts.
“Commoners aren’t stupid. If the point was to make people feel safe,
they’d make a show of military might. You can already tell how many skilled
people are in this force at a glance. I don’t see any reason to put only Julius—
the high commander—in a fancy carriage like this.”
Considering how she doesn’t attempt to raise any argument, it seems like
even Yaana knows that was a feeble excuse.
“If anything, using a carriage this conspicuous runs the risk of making the
people even more anxious. They’ll look at it and wonder what we’re really up
to, if we’re just traveling for sport.”
Hyrince smiles grimly.
We really did get dubious looks like that as we left the town.
The activities of the human-trafficking organization aren’t very widely
publicized in this area.
It was natural that the townspeople who saw us setting off didn’t feel any
21
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 31 (PDF index) ---
sense of urgency or danger; they watched our procession like we were
holding some kind of minor festivities.
But it’s not like there haven’t been any kidnappings here at all.
Most of the people were only watching us leave out of curiosity, but I did
see a few people looking on as if praying for our success.
And the people who wore those expressions reacted all the more strongly
when they saw this carriage.
Not in a good way, either.
Anxiety, disgust, resignation—those were the feelings that flashed across
the faces of the people who spotted this ostentatious thing we’re riding in.
Seeing the looks on their faces made it all that much clearer how out of
place the whole arrangement is.
But still…
“Even if they were able to see us, their reaction would probably be the
same.”
I’m not especially trying to agree with Yaana, but I do have a thought that
conflicts slightly with Hyrince’s take.
We’re kids.
Hero, saint, or whatever else we might be, it doesn’t change the fact that
we’re children.
The people who are distressed about the human-trafficking organization
probably wouldn’t react any better to seeing us going along with the soldiers
than they did to seeing our carriage.
Because either way, we definitely don’t look reliable.
“That much is true. We are kids and all. Although I still feel like there
must’ve been a better way to do this.”
Hyrince sighs and sinks deeply into his seat.
“That’s not true! Even if he is a child, Sir Hero is still a striking figure!
No one could look at him and feel ill at ease! Of that I’m certain!” Yaana
clenches her fists earnestly as she protests. “Anyone who would fail to
recognize Sir Hero’s gravitas must be blind! Just look at how cool and
handsome he is!”
I can’t help but stare at her blankly.
Even Hyrince is so stunned that he sits there blinking, forgetting to tease
her for once.
Realizing from our reactions the significance of what she’s just said,
22
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 32 (PDF index) ---
Yaana turns bright red.
“P-please forget I said anything!”
She covers her face with her hands.
“Uh-huh…”
Recovering from his shock, Hyrince starts to smirk wickedly.
Normally, since Yaana can’t contend with Hyrince in a verbal battle, she
tends to flee when the tide turns against her. Unfortunately, we’re currently in
a carriage. There’s nowhere to run.
“Waaah!”
As if trying to escape his evil clutches nonetheless, Yaana retreats to the
far end of the seat and curls up in the corner.
There are no words to describe the look on Hyrince’s face as he attempts
to suppress his laughter.
“Wah! Eek!”
“Oof!”
Just then, the carriage bounces with a thunk.
Sitting in her strange position, Yaana loses her balance and almost topples
out of her seat, so I hurry to catch her.
“Are you okay?”
“Y-yes, thank you…”
Yaana’s face turns even redder.
Between her previous outburst and this new development, she’s gone
positively crimson.
Then, at the worst possible moment, the carriage door bangs open.
“…We’ve arrived.”
The soldier who opens the door stares at us with a dreadful expression.
I can see his thoughts written clearly on his face: Do these kids think this
is a game?
…Maybe we don’t really have any right to complain about the appearance
of our carriage after all.
The expedition went incredibly smoothly, at least on paper.
The members of the human-trafficking organization in this area were
inferior to the task force in both skill and numbers.
Since their hideout had already been discovered beforehand, they put up
23
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 33 (PDF index) ---
very little resistance once our forces arrived and took over the place…or so
I’m told.
We didn’t actually get to see this with our own eyes.
We were made to wait a considerable distance away, surrounded by
guards.
Not long after, our carriage returns to town.
I can hear the cheers welcoming us back, but it does nothing to lift my
spirits.
To an extent, I’d expected things to be something like this, but I was still
ashamed to be so blatantly treated as a purely ornamental figurehead.
I know that a child like me could never take command of a group of
seasoned officers, of course.
They might be stronger than I am in combat, too, even though I’m the
hero.
But still, I’m sure there must’ve been something I could have done.
Yet, I was forced to sit in a carriage the whole way there and back.
At this rate, there’s no point in me being here at all.
Can I really go on like this?
Do I have no choice but to wait until I finally amount to something?
“Hmm? What’s going on?”
As I’m lost in thought, Hyrince peers out in front of the carriage. I follow
his gaze and see that we’ve stopped our advance.
Accordingly, our carriage slows to a halt.
“Did something happen?” Hyrince asks one of the guards.
“It would appear some of the locals have approached us.”
“What, are they trying to cause trouble? Give me a break.”
Hyrince grunts irritably. This first expedition must have stressed him out
as well.
But I’m more concerned about the situation up ahead.
“I’ll be right back.”
“Huh? Hey, wait a minute!”
I open the door and jump down, heading toward the source of the
commotion.
It’s not long before I can make out voices.
24
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 34 (PDF index) ---
“Did you find my daughter?!”
“Our son is safe, isn’t he?!”
“Where are the kidnapped children?!”
Some of the townspeople crowd around the soldiers, asking for the
whereabouts of the children who went missing.
But the soldiers simply exchange glances with one another and refuse to
answer.
“Come on! Tell us! What happened?!”
“Where is my child? Is he safe?!”
The attitude the soldiers take seems to unnerve the locals, whose
questions grow even more frantic.
Yes, the expedition to root out the local branch of the human-trafficking
organization went smoothly.
At least it did on paper.
But when we broke into the hideout, the kidnapped children were
nowhere to be found.
And we have no idea where they might have been taken.
Some documents were recovered from the hideout, but there’s no telling if
we’ll get any useful information from studying them.
Looking at our returning force, it’s easy to see the captured survivors of
the human-trafficking organization being marched along, but it’s equally
obvious that the kidnapped children aren’t with us.
The families of the victims, who were placing all their hopes on us,
obviously want answers.
“We’ll announce the details later. For now, out of the way.”
One of the commanders tries to chase them off, but I quickly step in.
“Wait. Please.”
“Sir Hero?”
The officer looks at me doubtfully, with an expression that contains a
trace of irritation that can’t be completely hidden.
In those eyes, I’m only a child who shouldn’t be involving myself in this
situation.
But I can’t just mindlessly appease other people.
“We’ve taken care of all the criminals who were hiding out in this area.”
I step in front of the villagers and start to speak.
Their expressions soften slightly when I announce that the organization
25
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 35 (PDF index) ---
has been eradicated from the area.
But…there’s more.
I have no choice but to tell them.
“But the people who were kidnapped were no longer in their hideout
when we arrived.”
Even if we staved them off here, they would’ve found out soon enough.
“No…”
“Does that mean…you were…too late…?”
Silence. And then…
“Damn you!”
“How could you do this?! Answer me!”
Outrage.
The villagers surge forward as if to strike me, and the soldiers scramble to
hold them back.
“Sir Hero, what have you done?!”
The commander grabs my shoulder, looking frustrated at my insolence.
But I shake off the hand.
At the same time, one woman breaks through the wall of soldiers and
rushes up to me.
The commander tries to step in front of me immediately, but I raise a hand
to let her through.
With tears in her eyes, the woman brings her palm down to strike me.
But I catch her hand before the blow lands.
“I’m afraid we didn’t get there in time.”
I can’t let her hit me, even if I sympathize.
Once, back in the ruins of Keren County in Sariella, I allowed the
survivors to take out their anger on me, making no attempt to resist their
violence.
But Mr. Tiva admonished me for that.
Hitting me would only make them feel better for a few moments.
Soon enough, their hands would hurt, and their hearts would ache from
the guilt.
The person who throws the punch and the person who receives it are both
left with only pain.
26
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 36 (PDF index) ---
27
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 37 (PDF index) ---
Mr. Tiva explained to me then that it’s important not to let people hit me
at times like these.
“We will continue to chase down the organization. I cannot promise you
that we’ll find those who were kidnapped. But I can at least promise you that
we will never give up.”
I can’t make vows lightly.
For all we know, it could very well already be too late to save the victims.
But we must do everything in our power until the moment their fates
become clear.
That much I can promise.
I let go of the woman’s hand, and she breaks down sobbing.
Building up my reputation, feeling frustrated over my uselessness… How
could I have gotten hung up on such useless ideas?
What am I?
I’m a hero.
And it’s a hero’s job to help people who are suffering!
I can’t believe I forgot the most important thing of all.
I don’t know if my words satisfied any of them.
But the townspeople slowly withdraw from the road, their anger
retreating.
Even the woman who had fallen to her knees weeping stands up and
shuffles away.
And as she does so, she murmurs, “I’m sorry.”
Mr. Tiva was right. I made the correct choice.
“Sir Hero, we cannot have you simply doing as you please.”
Once things calm down, the commander starts to scold me.
“There is no reason for you to face the anger of the public.”
“That’s not true,” I respond simply. “I am the high commander of this
expedition. I have a responsibility to hear them out. Even if I am just a
figurehead, I am still in charge.”
At that, the officer sucks in a breath.
“We didn’t make it in time. Yes, since we broke up the hideout, the threat
here has been eliminated. But we weren’t able to undo what has already been
done. That is reality.”
“But our duty is not—”
“Yes, strictly speaking, that is not our duty. But even so…we failed.”
28
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 38 (PDF index) ---
Even if it’s not our fault, we can’t forget that we didn’t do what was
expected of us.
If we had, we might have been able to save them.
But we didn’t.
And we must never forget that reality, no matter what.
“I know I haven’t done anything, nor is there anything I could have done.
I know this is all merely lip service. But if I can’t even make promises like
that, then I’m not fit to be the hero.”
With that, I turn my back on the commander and return to our carriage.
Once inside, Hyrince kindly greets me with a what am I going to do with
you sort of smile.
At times like these, I’m grateful to have a friend who understands me
without a word needing to be said.
Although I’m not sure why Yaana is fidgeting bashfully next to him.
“Hyrince. I’m going to do it.”
“Of course. I’ll be right behind you.”
Hyrince doesn’t ask me do what? or anything like that.
He simply says that he’ll follow me, no matter what I’m planning.
Yes, I still have plenty of time.
I thought I could slowly get closer to the members of the force, little by
little.
But that’s not good enough.
I might have time, but with every second that passes, there are people who
can no longer be saved.
They don’t have a single moment to spare.
Why does a hero fight?
For the people.
I finally remember that resolution I made.
And so I can’t afford to take my time.
With renewed determination, I keep moving forward.
29
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com