--- PAGE 39 (PDF index) ---
 THE EMPIRE VETERAN AND
THE COMMANDER
“I heard there was an incident.”
“Ah, Sir Tiva. Yes, you could say that.”
The commander in question looks away evasively.
As the deputy high commander, I’m technically ranked above him, but
he’s a man of no small importance in his own country, so it seems his pride
prevents him from completely deferring to me as his superior officer.
All the more so with Sir Hero, who is so much younger than he is.
And this man isn’t the only commander who feels that way.
Those who were invited to be commanders in the special task force all
boast individual strength and a long list of accomplishments, so they’re
unsurprisingly reluctant to serve under a child with no experience, even if he
is the hero.
Which is why they reached the unspoken agreement of treating Sir Hero
as no more than a figurehead.
I cannot say that choice is entirely wrong.
Sir Hero is a child, and admittedly one without any deeds to his name.
It’s only logical to assume that it would be more effective for the
commanders with experience to lead the force with their knowledge.
If you ignore the temperament of the hero, that is.
“What does Sir Hero look like to you?”
At that, the commander appears to think carefully.
He must be trying to figure out the correct way to answer my question.
“No need to overthink it. You can just tell me what you really think. I
swear to you that I will tell no one.”
Since the commanders come from so many different countries, the force is
30
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 40 (PDF index) ---
a jumble of different motivations and interests.
One wrong word from any of them could put their country at a
disadvantage.
I assume that is why this man is reluctant to give me his frank opinion.
He hesitates a moment longer, then utters one short sentence:
“I think he may be a little bit too direct.”
But I’m sure it isn’t simply my imagination when I sense that there are
many complex feelings contained in his words.
No doubt, he resents Sir Hero for escalating the conflict with the
townspeople.
But is there not perhaps some small part of him that admires the boy’s
dazzling sincerity?
“Sir Hero is a child, so we adults must set a proper example for him.”
“Of course.”
“At least, I’m sure that’s the false impression most of the force is laboring
under.”
“Eh?”
The man nods along at first but then blinks in surprise at the last part of
my statement.
“The title of Hero is bestowed upon the person who the gods deem most
fitting for the role,” I say, though that much is common knowledge to
everyone. “So yes, Sir Hero is a child. But he was selected as the hero over
any of us adults. I think it might be prudent for all of us to think long and
hard about what that means.”
The commander falls into stunned silence.
All the commanders in this force are people of great importance.
But none of them was chosen to be the hero.
Instead, the title was given to Sir Julius, who is still yet a child.
Does that mean we adults were all deemed unfit?
Or that Sir Hero is simply more exceptional than any of us?
I’m sure the commanders will all learn the answer soon enough. I’ve
already seen it for myself.
I witnessed his incredibly noble spirit in the former Keren County of
Sariella, regardless of his age.
The title is not what makes him the hero.
He is the hero because he is already worthy.
31
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 41 (PDF index) ---
He won’t allow the commanders to continue treating him as a useless
figurehead forever, whatever they might think.
I’m sure he’ll break through that wall soon enough.
And I imagine when the time comes, he will grow all the better for it.
I need only look on, as much as I may wish to interfere.
Partly because I believe that he must be able to confront this level of
adversity on his own.
But also because the commanders must learn what kind of a person Sir
Hero truly is.
My meddling would be of no help to him here.
“May I ask what it is you fight for?”
“Me…?”
The commander looks uncertain, avoiding my gaze.
“As you grow older, you begin to forget what it is you’re fighting for. For
your nation, for the people, or perhaps for yourself? There are many reasons,
but no doubt in the beginning, you fought for one of them with great
passion.”
To fight means to constantly risk death.
Without dedication, few would ever be able to overcome that horror and
fight.
But as one continues to fight, that passion slowly turns into force of habit,
and you begin to forget your reasons for being on the battlefield.
“Sir Hero would be able to answer right away, I am sure.”
That’s why he shines so brilliantly in the eyes of his elders, like me.
“You said he is too direct, but is that really such a problem? Are heroes
not exactly the kind of people who can face problems head-on and stay true
to a creed?”
The commander falls silent, unable to respond to my question.
But that reaction is answer enough.
32
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com