--- PAGE 56 (PDF index) ---
 THE SAINT AND THE EMPIRE
VETERAN
“Yaana, why did they pick you?”
When I was chosen as the saint, that was the first thing one of my fellow
saint candidates and close friends said to me.
I’d been elated about the unexpected offer, but those words brought down
my mood right away.
Candidates for sainthood are trained from a young age.
Many girls withdraw before the end, unable to bear the severe training.
It’s a difficult life, but we keep at it in hopes of becoming the future saint,
all so we can someday support the hero.
Naturally, being chosen as the saint is the ultimate honor for us.
Only one person can be chosen, of course.
And even then, a new saint can be chosen only when a new hero is born.
Customarily, the chosen candidate is one who’s close in age to the hero,
so even the most exceptional candidate usually won’t be chosen if she’s not
the right age.
The vast majority of candidates will never become saints.
But there’s no telling when a hero might pass on and a new saint might be
needed, so new trainees are still initiated every year.
In order to have a tiny chance of becoming a saint.
And I was chosen for the role.
It was as if fortune had smiled on me.
Naturally, I was so thrilled and excited that I ran to tell my good friend.
She was older than I was but always treated me kindly, so I was sure
she’d be happy for me.
But as soon as she spoke, I realized I was wrong.
47
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 57 (PDF index) ---
“Ah—I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that…”
She apologized right away, apparently regretting her choice of words.
But then she seemed to have nothing else to say. She just hung her head,
turned around, and hurried away.
My friend was two years older than I was.
Sir Julius, the new hero, is the same age as I am.
If the candidate chosen has to be close to the hero’s age, surely she was
qualified, too, being only two years apart.
I, on the other hand, couldn’t think of any reason I’d be chosen except for
my age.
My aptitudes weren’t bad; they were above average certainly.
But there were other candidates who ranked better than I did, including
my friend.
So although I’d always done my best, I didn’t think I’d ever be chosen as
the saint.
Depending on their grades, an unselected candidate for sainthood can still
get a good job.
If anything, that was what I was aiming for.
I dreamed of being the saint, of course, but I thought that realistically,
there was no way I’d really become the saint.
So I didn’t fully understand the weight of taking on that role.
I didn’t realize that becoming the saint meant trampling on the hopes of
all the others who weren’t chosen.
The girls who tried to be the saint and failed.
For their sakes, I have to carry on their hopes and become the best saint I
can be.
So that no one will ask me “Why?” ever again.
Since I never really expected to become the saint, I’m sure there are other
candidates who would scoff at me for making this resolution so late in the
game.
But once I’ve made up my mind, I never go back on my word.
I have to become the kind of saint who those candidates can never find
fault with.
Half of that is out of a sense of duty.
The other half…is fear.
Once the saint has been appointed, there are only three ways the title can
48
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 58 (PDF index) ---
pass on to someone new.
One is if the current hero, Sir Julius, passes away.
The other two ways are if I become unable to fulfill my role as the saint.
In other words, if I become unable to heal due to a serious illness or injury
or if I die.
There are very few instances of a saint being assassinated by a candidate
for sainthood.
We’re taught to be noble and virtuous during our training, so there are few
who would ever think of doing such a thing.
But that doesn’t mean there are none at all.
I don’t want to believe that my former fellow candidates and friends
would even consider doing something like that to me, but I know some of
them are displeased.
After all, even my closest friend reacted that way.
“Urgh!”
“Lady Saint, please don’t force yourself.”
I try and fail to hold back the bile that rises unbidden in my throat at the
scene before me.
And the stench.
Blood, guts, and the distinct smell of body odor. The bandits who lived
outside the town must’ve had poor hygiene practices, for the natural stench of
their bodies is horrible.
It wouldn’t be so bad if it was only the stench of blood—I’ve experienced
that in the hands-on medical training I went through while being trained as a
candidate for sainthood by the Church.
At first, the smell of blood bothered me, but I got used to it after
experiencing it several times.
But that was from patients in a sanitary hospital ward, not victims on a
real battlefield.
Here, there are other odors mixed in with the blood, along with dirt and
dust of battle.
All of it combined assails me with nausea far worse than any I
experienced in training.
“It’s all right. I can’t be faint of heart after Sir Hero fought so valiantly.”
49
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 59 (PDF index) ---
Gently rejecting the soldier who tried to guide me back to the carriage, I
request instead that he lead me to the wounded to begin treating them.
Once I start healing, I’m able to focus on that alone, instead of being
affected by my surroundings.
For better or worse, I’ve yet to be called on to do anything, since the anti-
human-trafficking force was first formed.
There are proper doctors and healers in the party, and things have been
going almost too smoothly thus far, so I haven’t been brought out to heal.
Even this time, nobody asked for my help.
But after seeing Sir Hero take it upon himself to dive into the fray, I can’t
just sit on the sidelines doing nothing.
“Next!”
“Lady Saint, the majority of the wounded have already been healed.”
Indeed, I look around and notice that there aren’t any more soldiers with
serious wounds.
“What about the captured criminals, then?”
The only victims gathered here are the soldiers, so the captives must be
someplace else.
They fought against Sir Hero and company, so surely, they’re gravely
wounded as well.
“…Most of the criminals have breathed their last. No healing will be
necessary.”
“I…I see.”
From the soldier’s hesitation, I can tell that most of the criminals must
have met a gruesome end.
“It would have been better if only Sir Hero had captured some of them
alive for us…”
The soldier seems to assume that I’m grieving for the dead criminals, and
he murmurs something that sounds like a criticism of Sir Hero.
“No, that’s not true.”
…To be honest, I was afraid to see Sir Hero fighting.
My private impression of him is an incredibly kind boy of the same age as
me.
He’s always smiling amiably and seems so warm that one might wonder if
he could even hurt a fly. I confess, though it’s disrespectful, that I doubted
whether he could really fight.
50
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 60 (PDF index) ---
But he has a strong sense of duty, and watching him work hard to earn the
respect of the adults only deepened my fondness for him.
He’s struggling with a weighty role, just like me, I thought.
But I was wrong.
It’s more than his position or sense of duty that makes Sir Hero work
hard: It’s his strong desire for justice.
“Sir Hero didn’t have time to worry about such things. If he let them get
away, they would have scattered to other areas, and we would’ve lost the
chance to take them all out at once. And then they would have continued to
commit terrible crimes in other places, even if only on a smaller scale. Sir
Hero realized this and decided that they had to be wiped out before that could
happen, even if it meant doing the deed himself.”
In battle, Sir Hero fought with a bloodcurdling intensity that was a far cry
from his usual kind self.
His downright merciless fighting style showed how determined he was to
stop the criminals at all costs.
“What? No, no…surely, Sir Hero didn’t think about all that?”
“It looked that way to me.”
“But even if some got away, the harm done would be negligible…”
“Would you still say the same if the victims were your own family?”
At that last comment, the soldier’s excuses fall away.
“Admittedly, the people who live in this area are strangers to us for the
most part. But Sir Hero pushed himself beyond his limits to protect those
very same strangers.”
While I was healing the wounded, I overheard soldiers who were
displeased that Sir Hero had taken matters into his own hands.
They said he was being reckless because he wanted more
accomplishments to his name.
That he has no sense of teamwork because he’s a child.
That because the person they’re supposed to be protecting charged into
battle, they were forced to charge into battle as well, and so on.
It’s true that acting on his own wasn’t exactly commendable.
But he was motivated by a desire to protect the people, a sense of justice
deeper than anyone knows.
“Exactly.”
Turning around, I see the deputy high commander Sir Tiva walking over
51
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 61 (PDF index) ---
to us.
His voice, far more strained and emotional than usual, takes me by
surprise.
“Sir Tiva, your hand is bleeding!”
Noticing blood dripping from his tightly clenched fist, I rush over to heal
him, but he holds me off.
“It’s all right. I must not heal this wound, as a reminder to myself.”
Sir Tiva opens his hand and gazes at the wound, then clenches it shut
again.
“I am ashamed of my cowardliness,” he says quietly. “Forcing Sir Hero to
push himself this far… I am a failure as his deputy.”
“…Sir Hero is a child. Is it not a child’s job to push past their limits?”
One of the soldiers, probably a commander based on his attire, attempts to
comfort Mr. Tiva but is met with a shout of rage.
“And what does that make us, if even a child doesn’t think he can rely on
us?! Sir Hero was forced into action because we were too craven!”
The commander’s attempt to soothe Mr. Tiva instead sets off an explosion
he was holding back.
“I thought we could let Sir Hero grow up at his own pace, that he would
slowly close the distance between himself and the troops. But it seems we are
the ones who still have growing to do.”
The commander looks away as Tiva continues.
“We’ve forgotten why this force exists in the first place. Our goal is to
protect as many innocent victims from this organization as we can! Sir Hero
understood that better than any of us. We’ve all been utter fools!”
Mr. Tiva’s voice echoes around the vicinity.
I’m sure the rest of the soldiers heard him, too.
I don’t think things will change right away.
But I have the feeling this might be the start of something new.
“Hey, welcome back.”
When I return to the carriage, Sir Hero’s attendant, Hyrince, waves to me.
He’s rather rude, so I admit I’m not very fond of him.
“Where’s Sir Hero?”
Hyrince points silently into the carriage.
52
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 62 (PDF index) ---
Peering through the window, I see Sir Hero fast asleep in his seat.
In this moment, he looks like nothing more than an innocent young boy.
But this is the hero, the one and only savior chosen by the gods.
“Julius really worked hard today, so he’s exhausted. Let the guy sleep for
now, will ya?”
“Not this again. I know you are Sir Hero’s childhood friend, but you must
refer to him with more respect!”
Sir Hero is worthy of the utmost respect.
I realized that all over again today.
And yet, this insolent boy takes him far too lightly!
“I dunno. If anything, maybe you should stop calling him ‘Sir Hero,’
yeah?”
“What are you talking about? Enough with your jokes.”
I scoff at Hyrince.
How can he spout such foolishness?
“I wasn’t really joking, though. You guys are gonna be together forever,
right? Not in the marriage sense, though.”
“F-f-f-forever?! M-m-m-m-marriage?!”
Now that he mentions it…!
Sir Hero and…me?
As I picture the two of us close to each other, my face flushes red.
Since I was raised among women at the sainthood candidate training
school, I’m not used to that sort of thing.
“…I literally said it wouldn’t be like that, but whatever.” Hyrince sighs
for some reason. “It is true that the hero and saint keep their roles their whole
lives. You’ll be together until one of you dies.”
As I huff at him, Hyrince responds in an unexpectedly serious tone.
“Do you plan on staying so formal with him forever?”
“Well…”
Now that he’s pointed it out, I realize that maybe I have been overly
distant toward the hero.
“I’m not saying you have to be best buddies or try to force a super-close
relationship or anything. I just think you might want to reconsider calling him
‘Sir Hero’ and stuff. Makes it seem like there’s a wall between you.”
“A wall…”
I was merely trying to express my respect by calling him “Sir Hero.” But
53
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 63 (PDF index) ---
is that how he feels about our relationship as well?
“Well, I’m not gonna force ya. But if it were me, I wouldn’t call him by
his title at all. Makes it seem like you’re not seeing the real Julius, just his
title.”
“The real…him…”
Am I truly seeing the real Sir Hero…no, Sir Julius?
Or have I been seeing him through the lens of his title?
Suddenly, I’m not sure.
“As much as it irks me to take your advice…I’ll think about it.”
“Sounds good.”
Normally, Hyrince would be sure to tease me over this, but this time, he
smiles as gently and warmly as Sir Julius.
54
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 64 (PDF index) ---
55
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com