--- PAGE 81 (PDF index) ---
 THE FORMER THIEF AND THE
ADVENTURER
“Are you worried about him?”
Hawkin’s gaze is focused on the hero.
“Hey, boss. Yeah, I guess a little…”
Hawkin nods absently at my question.
Clearly, he’s more than a little worried.
Hawkin loves children, so much so that it’s the very reason he became a
thief: to help as many children as possible avoid unhappy fates.
For someone so deeply immersed in the dark underbelly of society, he can
be quite naive.
Although I must admit that I don’t hate that about him.
“What d’you think, boss?”
I hesitate for a moment about how to answer Hawkin’s vague question.
But then I decide to answer with my honest thoughts.
“He’s very impressive, for sure.”
At his young age, the hero already surpasses most adults.
Not just in combat but in spirit, too.
The way he stayed so calm while leading an attack on the organization
base and fighting those bandits is proof enough of that.
Even an adult would normally be reluctant to cut down another person if
they’re not used to doing it, but he didn’t show any hint of hesitation.
How many battles has he already fought, to reach that level at such a
young age?
Not to mention, he’s strong enough to lay waste to a wide swathe of the
enemy base all on his own.
I jumped in to protect him at one point, but I suspect he would’ve been
72
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 82 (PDF index) ---
able to dodge that arrow whether or not he had my help.
He even had the composure to thank me.
And yet…
“But I guess that’s exactly what has you worried, hmm?”
If he’s that advanced at his age, that means he must have been through
quite a lot.
And no matter how mature he might seem as a result, he is still a child.
If you put a child through such awful experiences one after another, he
might eventually break down.
I’m sure that’s what Hawkin is concerned about.
“Well, there’s no need for you to worry about that. As far as I can tell, Sir
Tiva is keeping a close eye on the situation. With his title as the Hero, I doubt
Julius will ever have a normal childhood, but it shouldn’t be too horrible,
either.”
My interaction with the deputy high commander Sir Tiva was brief, but I
got a very strong impression of him. The boy is his superior officer, but he
respects him as a hero while also caring for him as a human being.
As long as that man is by the hero’s side, I’m sure he won’t let anything
unthinkable happen to him.
I can’t help but notice that my reassurances fail to clear up the shadow
hanging over Hawkin’s face, though.
“Why does a kid like that have to fight, y’know?”
Hawkin is a permanent citizen of the underworld, and I’m sure he knows
it as well as I do.
But he still resents the injustices of this world, enough so that he can’t
help saying things like that.
This man really is naive.
But I think the world needs people like him, too.
Especially when it comes to the symbol of goodness called the hero.
“I asked Sir Tiva to let us officially join the force.”
At that, Hawkin looks up with a gasp.
“If you’re that worried, we can just protect him from close by. I was
starting to feel like I’d reached my limit as a solo adventurer anyway.
Helping the hero is a prestigious role, so it all works out great. Right?”
“Boss…thank you.”
There’s nothing to thank me for, so I simply respond with a shrug.
73
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 83 (PDF index) ---
And that’s how Hawkin and I join the task force.
74
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com