--- PAGE 117 (PDF index) ---
 THE ELF DESPISES WASTING
TIME
I crush the man’s skull, silencing his irritating racket.
I seem to recall that he was an important figure to the empire, but I doubt
killing him here will cause any serious problems.
Besides, given his age, he didn’t have much time left anyway.
Probably twenty or thirty years at the most.
I just hurried the process along a little.
Still, though, this has been quite the letdown.
Our goal here was to acquire the reincarnation located in the Holy
Kingdom of Alleius, the seat of the Word of God religion.
This is likely the last reincarnation we’ll be able to abscond with.
The others, largely nobility and royalty, would be difficult to lay a hand
on.
On top of that, thanks to the movements of this so-called anti-human-
trafficking task force that includes humanity’s hero, we’ve lost bases in many
areas.
It wouldn’t be impossible to capture the remaining reincarnations by
force, but it would be quite risky.
Besides, we’ve already obtained a sufficient sample size of reincarnations,
so I feel no need to go to unreasonable lengths to gather the rest.
The only reason I decided to go into the heart of enemy territory to try to
capture this one is because I knew it was a trap.
That man, the pontiff of the Word of God, must have figured out the
existence of the reincarnations by now.
He already has two of them under his thumb, at that.
108
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 118 (PDF index) ---
So why would he refrain from collecting a third reincarnation so close to
his home base, if not as a trap to lure me in?
If one knows of a trap from the start, it’s easier to take measures
accordingly.
Which is why I used this body, equipped with an Anti-Technique Barrier,
and even brought along a precious gun.
So imagine my disappointment when I was met with a group of mere
humans.
I was looking forward to seeing how much power he was willing to send
out against me, though I suppose this is a measure of that.
Ah well.
I’ve acquired the reincarnation I was after.
If this was the best group they could send to attack me, perhaps the Word
of God has little power left.
They must still be recovering from the G-Fleet incident that occurred four
years ago, which significantly depleted the Word of God’s military might.
I imagine that’s why they gathered soldiers from other nations for the
anti-human-trafficking force, as well.
I suppose acquiring this information counts as a win.
“Lord Potimas, preparations for our return are complete.”
As I ruminate on all this, the disposable who’s carrying the unconscious
reincarnation arrives from deeper inside the cave.
“There may be a few more of them outside. Kill them all—don’t let a
single one get away.”
“Yes, sir!”
Several of the disposables run toward the entrance at my orders.
Our work here is done.
There were never any organization pawns here to begin with.
It was just a temporary base for retrieving the reincarnation.
We lose nothing by abandoning it and leave nothing behind, especially
not any proof that the elves were involved.
It’s possible that the pontiff will manipulate public opinion and spread
rumors of our involvement, but without proof, it will be easy to deny.
And as we have no further need to gather more reincarnations, the
organization will make no more moves.
The extra humans we captured as a smoke screen have been processed as
109
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 119 (PDF index) ---
materials, too, allowing me to replenish what I lost in the G-Fleet incident.
Everything is going perfectly.
Now I merely have to wait for that foolish girl Ariel to make her move.
Nothing can stop me from progressing forward.
Yet, as I head to walk outside, I realize that something is still gripping my
leg.
This man truly doesn’t know when to give up, even in death.
I shake my foot lightly to rid myself of his hand, but it still doesn’t let go.
Even when I stoop down to pull it free with my own hands, the man’s
fingers have already hardened too much to remove.
Rigor mortis?
So soon after death?
Impossible.
But what if the man’s will made it so…?
Hmph. What a ridiculous notion.
Utterly unscientific.
Growing irritated, I fire a bullet at the man’s wrist, detaching his hand
from his body.
And yet, it still continues to cling to me.
Annoyed, I forcibly yank it off with all my strength and throw it to the
ground.
110
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com