--- PAGE 135 (PDF index) ---
 THE PONTIFF AND THE
REINCARNATION SPY
“Testing, testing, one-two-three. Hello? Can you hear me, Pontiff?”
“Yes, I can.”
“Nice! Looks like step one is a success, then.”
“Indeed. It appears that your Unlimited Telephone skill is capable of
connecting for conversation even through the elves’ irritating barrier.”
“Guess that’s a unique skill for ya. I gotta say, I thought it was a pretty
lame skill at first, but it’s actually pretty impressive.”
“Well, it is your special privilege as a reincarnation. It was bound to be an
exceptional skill.”
“So I succeeded in getting caught by the elves on purpose and infiltrating
their village. Now what’s the plan?”
“You will live there normally with the other reincarnations. Please contact
me on a regular basis so you can report what’s going on inside.”
“You got it.”
“I’m sincerely sorry to give you such a dangerous role.”
“Nah, don’t worry about it. I’m cooperating with you of my own free will.
It just happens to be the best way to save my friends, that’s all.”
“Well, please do be careful. Until the day we come there ourselves, we
cannot interfere with what goes on inside. It’s best you assume that no one
will be able to help you, no matter what happens.”
“Yeah, I know. I’ll be extra careful so it doesn’t come to that.”
“Thank you.”
“Oops, looks like we’re about out of phone time. I’ll contact you again
soon.”
126
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 136 (PDF index) ---
“Very well. Be careful.”
With that, the call ends.
The person on the other end was the reincarnation who was recently
captured by the elves.
I had him deliberately let the elves catch him so that he can be our spy on
the inside of the elf village, sending us information on a regular basis.
It’s all possible thanks to his Unlimited Telephone skill.
Just as I hoped, it works even through the barrier that protects the elf
village, unlike regular telepathy.
As our agent on the inside, he’ll be in some danger, but now I finally have
a means of knowing what goes on in the elf village.
It’s been my dearest wish for many long years to defeat the elves,
specifically Potimas.
Thus far, the barrier around their home has always prevented me from
even coming close.
We’ve found several of the teleport gates that the elves utilize to travel in
and out, but those can transport only a few people at a time.
There’d be no chance of a successful invasion with such low numbers.
And after we’d used a teleport gate once, the elves would be sure to
destroy it, so we could never use it again.
No, it was important to wait for our chance to launch an all-out attack on
the elf village.
But time dragged on without such a chance ever arising. I never even had
any way to get inside information about their homeland.
Now, I don’t know why Potimas is confining reincarnations in the elf
village.
But whatever the reason, it finally created a chance to secret people other
than elves into the elf village.
I do not know if this will lead to an opportunity for an all-out attack, but it
will certainly allow me to keep a better eye on their activities.
…However, I never imagined the cost of getting him into the elf village
would be so high.
To think that we would lose Sir Tiva…
A villager happened to see our reincarnation being kidnapped and
reported it to Sir Tiva.
And the man has always been quick to act.
127
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 137 (PDF index) ---
If Sir Tiva had only hesitated over his decision a little longer, I might have
been able to slow him down and perhaps prevent this outcome.
But he made a swift decision and dived into action immediately.
Ironically, it was his exceptional leadership that caused this tragedy.
Without Sir Tiva, the heart of their military, the empire will fall into
chaos.
The anti-human-trafficking force, too, was held together by Tiva. It will
be difficult to keep that going for much longer now.
Fortunately, they’ve already succeeded in crushing all the major bases of
the organizations.
Potimas has made little movement since then, too.
Once they destroy the next base, all that will be left are small-time bandit
groups that could easily be handled by local knights and such.
I suppose then it will be best to disband the force.
The hero has matured quite nicely, too.
He’s still far from being a match for Lady Ariel, but that is inevitable. No
hero could ever compare to her.
However, he shall at least need to become strong enough to defeat an
average demon.
Lady Ariel is an ally when it comes to the fight against Potimas, but at the
end of the day, she is still the Demon Lord and an enemy in her own right.
Potimas and Lady Ariel alike are far beyond the means of most any
human.
Yet somehow, we have to face them.
It is all for the sake of humanity’s survival.
For that is the sole reason for my existence.
128
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com