--- PAGE 11 (PDF index) ---
 ARRIVAL IN THE DEMON REALM
The cart trundles along, pulled by two earth wyrms.
We’re on a rough dirt road, so of course bouncing around in the cart feels
just awful.
The ride’s so bumpy that if you opened your mouth, you’d probably bite
your tongue, so none of us are talking much. The only sound is the clunking
and clattering of the cart.
Me?
I’m a grogger, so what?
You know, grogger. Because I’m super-groggy.
Heh-heh-heh. Pretty clever turn of phrase, if I do say so myself.
Typical me, right? I’m such a genius.
“You look like you’re gonna die, White. Wanna take a break?”
The Demon Lord’s saying something. But look! I’m doing so well that I
just coined a new word. Bwa-ha-ha!
“…Um, White? Hello? Uh-oh. She’s barely even conscious.”
Hmph. Stupid Demon Lord. What do you know?
As if I could be knocked out by the mere bouncing of a cart!
“Lady Ariel, we will reach our next planned stop soon. Would you prefer
to take a break before then?”
Mera’s voice calls from the coachman’s seat.
Sounds like he’s suggesting we should just hang in there until we reach
our destination.
“All right. Let’s just get the rest of the way there while White’s passed
out, then.”
“Very well. I shall continue.”
Come on! I told you, I’m totally awake over here!
Page 3
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 12 (PDF index) ---
The cart continues bouncing all the way to our destination: the first town
we would visit in the demon territory.
“This isn’t quite what I pictured.”
When I wake up in our room at the inn, the first thing I hear is Vampy
complaining.
Wait, what?! I’m up? I mean…of course I am. I was fully conscious the
whole time.
I didn’t pass out, okay? That never happened.
Anyway, I wonder what Vampy doesn’t like about the place. Oh wait,
she’s about to tell me whether I ask or not.
“It’s too normal,” she says.
I glance around the room, appraising the decor. A little fancy, maybe, but
otherwise not that different from your average human inn.
Maybe it’s different on the outside? I glance out the window at the town,
but there’s nothing special about the street below us, either.
Hmm. Well, I guess I understand what Vampy’s disappointed about, then.
The words land of demons do call to mind something a little more sinister,
don’t they?
Y’know, like a gloomy place that’s permanently cloudy and buildings
covered in ivy like a witch’s house. There should also be a bunch of inhuman
creatures around to give the place a real sense of chaos.
But what do we get instead?
The shimmering, shining, sadistic sun.
Damn you! Your wretched light reaches this place, too?! Give it a rest
already!
Ahem.
Anyway, all the buildings are normal, too. They’re not exactly sparkling
clean, but they seem to be maintained well enough, so there’s no creeping
vines or anything.
And the people walking around are all totally humanoid, no horns or
wings among them.
The only key point to remind you we’re not on Earth is their crazy-
colorful hair. It looks a little ridiculous, but there were some colorful people
in the human territories, too, so this isn’t even a sight exclusive to the demon
Page 4
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 13 (PDF index) ---
realm.
In other words, despite being home to demons, this place is no different
from your average human town.
You wouldn’t even know you were in demon territory if someone didn’t
tell you.
I mean, I guess some human towns had local differences, so it’s not
exactly the same, but still.
If I had to say, the demon lands most closely resembles the empire in
human territory.
Aside from the whole humans-versus-demons thing, the empire and the
demon realm are basically neighbors, so it makes sense that they would
resemble each other.
Right, right. That makes sense.
…Well, I’m convinced, but Vampy still looks displeased, so I guess that’s
not good enough for her.
“Surprised? Demons don’t actually look any different from humans.”
Draped across the sofa, the Demon Lord swirls wine around in a glass,
wearing a smug Gotcha! expression.
…So she held back on teaching us anything about demons for the sole
purpose of surprising us?
We’ve been learning bits and pieces of demon language on the way here,
since it’d be tough to get by if we couldn’t talk.
But it occurs to me now that in all those lessons, there was a distinct lack
of any concrete information about demon culture or general appearance. She
spent literal years withholding information from us all for this minor prank.
Leave it to the old lady. You don’t live for a ridiculously long time
without building up a stupid amount of patience.
“White, why do I get the feeling you’re thinking something really rude
about me right now?”
Non, non, madame. I would never do such a thing.
“They look the same? So what’s the difference between humans and
demons, then?”
Good question, Vampy.
“Oh, there are lots of differences. The biggest one is their life span.
Demons live way longer than humans. Still not as long as elves, though.”
Just the word elf is enough to make Vampy scowl. She’s starting to
Page 5
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 14 (PDF index) ---
develop a visceral hatred of them, I think.
“Also, their stats improve a great deal quicker than humans’. If a human
and a demon did the same training, the demon would usually have the
advantage.”
Vampy, who was listening curiously, furrows her brow at that. “So all the
differences are in demons’ favor? Doesn’t that mean humans can’t possibly
beat them, then?”
Demons have longer lives and better stats. That alone would seem to
indicate that humans don’t stand a chance of winning.
But for some reason, humans and demons have a long history of warring
back and forth.
The explanation for this turns out to be almost disappointingly simple.
“Demons have a way smaller population than humans.”
So although humans have the upper hand on a one-on-one basis, they
can’t beat humans because they’re greatly outnumbered.
The demons have quality, and the humans have quantity. These things
balance each other out, which is why the fighting never ends.
“Demons have long lives but a low birth rate, so their population doesn’t
go up. They’re superior to humans in almost every way except for that, so I
guess you could say it’s their only weakness.”
I guess no matter how skilled the individuals might be, that can get you
only so far. If they can’t increase their population, they’ll be permanently
short on manpower.
Numbers really are important. You need enough people if you want to get
anything done.
You can’t just have soldiers to fight on the front lines. You need people
back home growing food, too.
Whether it’s agriculture, animal husbandry, or hunting, you need a system
to reliably feed everyone before you can even think about going to war.
“And right now, the demons are in the middle of a pretty serious
population crisis. So they’re in no position to go to war with humans.
“Not that any of that’s my problem,” the Demon Lord mutters, gulping
down the rest of her wine. Then, abruptly, she calls out toward the door.
“Come in already, will ya?”
I’m the only one startled by her sudden shout. Everyone else just looks at
the door with composed expressions.
Page 6
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 15 (PDF index) ---
I guess all of them were able to sense that someone was behind the door.
Dammit! This is the problem with people who have high stats and tons of
skills.
I didn’t notice a damn thing!
Unreal.
“…Pardon me.”
After a moment, the door opens from the outside, and an aging man steps
into the room.
His clothes aren’t crazy gaudy, but you can definitely tell at a glance that
they’re super–high quality.
A couple people who are clearly attendants follow the man into the room.
Okay, this guy’s definitely a big shot.
And then that big shot walks up to the Demon Lord and kneels.
KNEELS?!
This super-important-looking dude is totally kneeling!
And so are his attendants!
The old guy and his crew are kneeling in front of a girl who looks like a
minor.
When you put it that way, this is super-weird!
“We have eagerly anticipated your return.”
“Yeah, thanks.”
So casual!
That’s a pretty offhanded response to this big shot’s grand welcome,
Demon Lord!
See? He didn’t react, but a few of his attendants twitched. You’re totally
wrecking the mood here!
“Oh, I’ll introduce you to everyone. Guys, this is Erguner, the lord in
charge of this area of the demon realm. Since this bit borders human lands,
he’s basically the ruler of the frontier. This guy’s kind of an old-timer among
demons, a skilled commander who’s been fending off human invasions for
ages.”
Um, Demon Lord?
I know you’re complimenting him, but it’s kinda weird to explain things
to us like he’s not even here, don’t you think?
Especially if you’re gonna refer to him as this guy and all that.
Look, one of his attendants is even balling up a fist and trembling with
Page 7
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 16 (PDF index) ---
rage.
“All righty, stand up and introduce yourself.”
“Right away, my lord!”
The Demon Lord orders Erguner around obliviously, but he obeys without
a flicker of displeasure.
“Thank you for the generous introduction. I am called Erguner Ricep. A
pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
With that short introduction, Erguner faces us and gives a stiff bow.
Yeah, you can totally tell from his brisk movements that he’s a military
guy.
Kinda makes me want to call him “Colonel,” so I’m just gonna do that
from now on.
“Colonel” has a competent, reliable sort of ring to it, don’t you think?
“Major” sounds more like a schemer who works from the shadows.
Mr. Erguner doesn’t just look competent. It sounds like he really is, too.
I can’t imagine that they’d put someone incompetent in charge of
protecting the border dividing the human and demon realms.
And this skilled, high-ranking man is kneeling in front of the Demon
Lord.
Then again, she is the Demon Lord, after all. She’s the most important
demon of all, so I guess it’s only natural that other demons would kneel
before her.
But still…she’s the Demon Lord.
She doesn’t really look the part, does she?
And she doesn’t act the part, either.
Huh? You’re saying it’s because her personality’s been massively
influenced by my former body brain that merged with her?
I can’t heeear yooou.
“So? Whaddaya want?”
“Pardon me! The moment I heard that you had returned to our land, I
hurried here to greet you. I beg your forgiveness for intruding upon your
personal time, but I felt it would be far more disrespectful not to show my
face as your faithful retainer.”
The Colonel stays on one knee as he addresses the Demon Lord.
Wait, what? You came all the way here just to greet this weirdo?
Meaning you left your important post as guardian of this borderland?
Page 8
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 17 (PDF index) ---
Does that mean the Demon Lord is so intimidating that around here,
people feel like they have to bend over backward for her?
“Much appreciated. Sorry you had to interrupt your work just to do that.”
The Demon Lord doesn’t look apologetic in the least as she reclines on
the sofa.
Wow, she’s even holding out her wineglass to Mera for a refill.
C’mon, Mera. Don’t humor her.
“Well, as you can see, I’m on a break at the moment. Since you already
greeted me, you can go back to your regular work now. We’re gonna stay
here for two or three days, then head for the heartlands. I wanna talk to you
before then, so make some time tomorrow or something, ’kay?”
So she apologizes for interrupting his work, then demands that he make
time for her tomorrow in the same breath? She’s a demon lord, all right.
Man, talk about a self-absorbed boss!
It can’t be easy to clear your schedule when you have an important post
like the marcher lord of a border territory.
“Understood. Shall we meet tomorrow after you’ve taken lunch,
perhaps?”
So you do have time?!
Oh, wait. Judging by the way the Colonel’s attendant is looking at him, he
probably doesn’t actually have the time.
I’m sure that attendant is frantically trying to figure out how to fix the
schedule that the Demon Lord just ruined.
“Yeah, sure. See ya then.”
The Demon Lord nonchalantly confirms their post-lunch meeting.
“Then I shall take my leave at once. Please relax to your heart’s content.”
“Thanks. Think you could get me some more booze and snacks or
something?”
“I shall make arrangements at once. If there is anything else you need,
please speak to the servants who have been assigned to you.”
The Colonel responds to the Demon Lord’s shameless request without the
slightest change in expression.
Talk about a model subordinate.
He bows and leaves the room, followed by his attendants.
Once they’re gone, nobody speaks for a while.
“…So that’s what it’s like to have power and influence,” Vampy mutters,
Page 9
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 18 (PDF index) ---
quietly but unmistakably.
She’s obviously reevaluating her appraisal of the Demon Lord.
The Demon Lord cackles. “And if you add wealth to that, there’s pretty
much nothing you can’t do in this world! You can mess around all day long,
and nobody will stop you!”
Vampy’s eyes narrow even further.
The Demon Lord’s stock is plummeting!
On the other hand, Mera remains completely expressionless, pouring more
wine into the Demon Lord’s glass.
Uh, Mr. Mera, should you really be letting her gulp it down like that?
I assumed this place was an inn when I first woke up, but it looks like it’s
actually a room in the Colonel’s castle or something.
The wine they serve at a place like this probably isn’t the cheap stuff,
y’know?
From the looks of things earlier, it seems like the Colonel is treating the
Demon Lord as an honorable guest.
What if that wine is so expensive that you could build a mansion for the
cost of a single bottle…?
Well, I guess I don’t know if wine works the same way in this world as it
does on Earth, so I have no idea if such an expensive wine even exists here,
but still.
Whether it’s expensive or cheap, the Demon Lord normally drinks alcohol
by the barrel, so if she drinks that same amount of this wine…
Gulp. Hang in there, Colonel.
“Young miss, I believe Lady Ariel took such an attitude for well-thought-
out reasons of her own.”
While I’m lost in thought about the price of wine and the damage to the
Colonel’s coin purse, Mera speaks up like he can’t bear to just watch and not
say anything.
Yeah, I figured as much.
Vampy is the only one who doesn’t get it. She blinks in surprise. “What?
Really?”
Her eyes go from glaring at the Demon Lord to simply looking curious.
The Demon Lord grins. “I don’t know if I’d go that far. It’s more of a gut
feeling than a carefully calculated plan, really…”
Then she trails off.
Page 10
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 19 (PDF index) ---
As I tilt my head in confusion at the awkward silence, there’s a knock on
the door.
The Demon Lord permits the person to enter, and it turns out to be a
servant girl with a tea trolley. Silent but dour, she places the wine and snacks
on a table and leaves the room with a short bow.
After a moment, the Demon Lord opens her mouth again.
“What did you think of that person?”
“I wouldn’t quite call her hostile, but she did not seem to think too highly
of us.”
Of course it’s Mera who responds. Vampy didn’t even understand the
question, and I hardly ever speak up!
Mera answering is best for all of us!
Way to read the room, Mera! My man! The ideal servant!
“Well, of course,” Vampy mutters. “How else would you respond to
someone showing up out of nowhere, forcing their way in, and demanding to
be waited on?”
Yeah, I guess that’s true. What kind of awful guest would do that, though?
Oh wait, she means us.
I was wondering how we got into the castle of a big shot like the lord in
charge of the borderlands. We forced our way in, huh?
Yeah, I guess that would seem like a huge imposition to the people who
work in the castle.
“Right, right. We’re unwanted guests, after all.”
Wow. Saying that doesn’t even make you sad?
“But that wouldn’t normally be enough to make someone hate or even
wanna kill us, right?”
At those words from the Demon Lord, Vampy finally gets it. “So you’re
acting rude on purpose to figure out who your enemies are?”
The Demon Lord answers with a grin.
Hiding your hatred or hostility is one thing, but if someone keeps going
out of their way to antagonize you, it’s hard to keep those emotions from
leaking out.
So basically, the Demon Lord was being outrageously rude on purpose, in
the hopes of sniffing out anyone who might be hiding hostility toward her.
At least, that’s the official reason.
“There were definitely a few who weren’t very fond of me in the welcome
Page 11
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 20 (PDF index) ---
party earlier.”
Yeah, like the ones who were clenching their fists and shaking.
“Does that mean you don’t trust that Erguner person, Miss Ariel?” Vampy
asks.
“I’m not sure yet. I did try to get a rise out of him to see if I could figure it
out, but a veteran like him won’t show his weaknesses that easily. Even if his
subordinates don’t like me, that doesn’t tell me how their boss feels.
Although considering how easily they showed it, that’s definitely a case of
negligent supervision on his part, at the very least.”
The way the Demon Lord’s talking, it sorta seems like the Colonel really
doesn’t like her, and she already knows it.
Man, a veteran demon, though?
I guess since demons live longer than humans, they can get pretty old.
Where there’s longevity, there’s sly old foxes.
Anyone who lives that long is bound to end up holding some grudges. Or
am I just assuming things?
Well, either way, we probably shouldn’t let our guards down around this
guy.
It seems like the Demon Lord is taking care to make sure no one else in
the castle can eavesdrop on our conversations, for one thing.
She stops talking whenever someone approaches. And it’s possible that
she’s taking other countermeasures that I just haven’t noticed. She’s probably
used a spell or something to make sure our conversations can’t be heard from
outside the door.
“So yeah, I’m just gonna do whatever I want! No holding back!”
With that, the Demon Lord gulps down the rest of her wine and reaches
for the snacks.
“…Are you sure that wasn’t your number one goal in the first place?”
Vampy squints suspiciously at the Demon Lord, who ignores her and lolls
around on the sofa.
This time, Mera doesn’t say another word.
I wonder if he’s noticed?
The Demon Lord’s real goal, or at least her real thoughts.
I don’t think Vampy is entirely wrong about her wanting to goof off, but
that’s not her real motivation deep down.
The Demon Lord said it herself: It’s a gut feeling, not a well-thought-out
Page 12
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 21 (PDF index) ---
plan.
If you ask me, I think the Demon Lord just wants to keep from getting any
closer to her demon subjects than necessary.
Someday soon, the Demon Lord will have to lead the demons into war
against the humans.
And she’ll probably have to send them into battle almost like sacrificial
pawns in order to accomplish what she wants.
Her goal requires a lot of casualties, after all.
To put it another way, the Demon Lord is basically going to be sending a
bunch of demons to their graves. That’s why she’s trying not to get too
friendly with them.
She’s acting deliberately rude toward the demons so that they won’t make
the mistake of idolizing her.
For demons, the Demon Lord is someone to be feared and hated, someone
who will send them to their deaths.
By putting herself in that position, she’s trying to bear the brunt of the
demons’ hatred and resentment herself.
And most of all, she’s probably using being hated by the demons as a way
of punishing herself.
This is all just my assumption, of course. I can’t read the Demon Lord’s
mind. But I don’t think I’m wrong.
Seriously. How kindhearted can one person be?
Sure, it doesn’t change the fact that she’s going to send the demons to
their deaths, so it’s not exactly unconditional kindness, but I still think she’s
way too nice to call herself a demon lord.
Not that I’m complaining, since her kindness has saved me on several
occasions.
As these thoughts run through my mind, I casually sit down next to the
Demon Lord and help myself to some snacks.
Heh-heh. The concept of “holding back” has always been foreign to me!
If there’s something edible in front of me, I’ll eat it! Whether that makes
me an unwanted guest or not!
Ooh, this jerky’s got a nice salty bite to it. Now I want a drink.
I slide my hand toward the bottle nearby, but I get caught before I can
reach it.
“White? You can’t drink until you’re twenty or older, you know.”
Page 13
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 22 (PDF index) ---
The Demon Lord grins as she scolds me, holding my arm firmly in place.
Grrr! Come on—a little bit can’t hurt!
Besides, it’s her fault for making it look so delicious in the first place!
If someone gulps a drink down in front of you like that, of course you’re
going to want to know what it tastes like!
The drinking age may be twenty in Japan, but we’re in a parallel world
here, so we should be able to make an exception!
“No means no. You can’t always get what you want.”
Tch! I don’t need any sage wisdom right now, thank you very much.
I’m definitely gonna distract her and have a drink one of these days.
As I reluctantly withdraw my hand, Mera holds out a glass of
nonalcoholic juice. Best servant ever!
“Merazophis, I’d like some, too.”
Of course Vampy gets jealous right away.
Yep, things are back to normal.
It’s actually kinda peaceful.
I can tell I’m slacking a bit, probably because we finally accomplished our
big goal of reaching demon lands.
I’m kinda tempted to just hang out in the Demon Lord’s protection and
laze around forever.
But I don’t think that’s gonna happen.
Oh, I just wish that this peaceful atmosphere would last a little longer.
What? No can do?
I see.
Sigh. Unreal.
Page 14
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 23 (PDF index) ---
Page 15
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com