--- PAGE 228 (PDF index) ---
AFTERWORD
YAHOO! Hello, this is Okina Baba, writing to you with a bizarre amount of
excitement.
This series has now reached its ninth volume.
Next thing you know, we’ll be in the double digits.
Ah, the number nine.
I think you can learn a lot about people from what they associate with it.
If you think of billiards, then you’re a normie!
Imagine being social enough to have real-life friends to play billiards
with.
If you thought of a certain ice fairy who’s officially labeled as an idiot,
then you’re a nerd!
I don’t know if you’re casual or a hardcore nerd, but if you recognized
that reference at all, then you’re obviously one of us to some extent.
If you thought of a red machine coming to destroy all irregulars, then
you’re a From fan!
I’m sorry, but it’s too late for you. The Kojima particles have taken over
your brain.
Incidentally, these predictions are all based on my own personal biases
and assumptions, so please don’t take them too seriously.
By the way, the first thing I pictured was a red fairy quietly saying, Those
who wield too much power bring only chaos. I guess I’m a nerd and a From
fan.
Anyway, putting the number nine aside, this volume of the series contains
a world full of as many problems as a billiard board has holes and a battle
between a young girl who looks a bit like an ice fairy and a man who gets
fired up like a red machine.
…What’s scary is that none of that is inaccurate.
But that part’s more like the continuation of Volume 8. I’m more excited
Page 220
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 229 (PDF index) ---
about that character’s appearance.
Who in the world am I talking about?! And what does that character
want?!
You’ll find out the truth by reading this volume.
So yeah. I don’t know when this turned into a mystery series, but it’s not
not a mystery series, either.
Now, enough of the lead-in. Let’s get into the meat of things here.
That’s right. All of the above was just a lead-in.
Because I have more pages for the afterword than usual this time!
I can write as much as I want! And say whatever I want!
Wah-ha-ha! It’s finally my time to shiiiine!
HOWEVER! That’s not the reason I was so excited at the beginning.
It’s because I have a huge announcement!
An anime adaptation of So I’m a Spider, So What? is now in
development!
Dun-dun-duuuun!
That’s right, this series is getting an anime!
Yaaaay! Clap, clap, clap!
This is totally serious. It’s not a joke or a prank.
Finally, at long last, the time has come!
When the web novel became a printed series, it went from being only text
to having Kiryuu-sensei’s illustrations.
When it became a manga, Kakashi-sensei developed a lively version of
the world.
Thanks to Kiryuu-sensei and Kakashi-sensei, things that were difficult to
convey with text alone can now be beautifully portrayed with images.
And now, motion and sound will be added to the mix.
Kumoko’s going to be moving on the screen!
And talking!
Well, she can’t actually talk, so maybe you’ll be hearing a lot of her inner
thoughts.
At any rate, getting an anime adaptation means achieving a major goal for
creators like me.
Page 221
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 230 (PDF index) ---
Wow. I guess everything is going my way!
Ah, you’re right; I’m sorry. I got carried away there.
Anyway, they’ve already made a PV, so please go and check it out.
It’ll be a while before it actually airs, but the PV is a good way to get an
idea of what it might be like.
And you’ll get to see Kumoko, who was only ever on the page before,
moving around on a screen.
Now, allow me to give some words of thanks.
First, to Kiryuu-sensei, for always bringing the world of So I’m a Spider,
So What? to life with beautiful illustrations.
I really think it’s thanks to Kiryuu-sensei’s art that the series managed to
get an anime adaptation.
The cover for this volume is wonderful, too. Thank you so much.
And thank you to Kakashi-sensei, who draws the So I’m a Spider, So
What? manga so well that it’s as if it’s really moving, even though it’s not
anime. Kakashi-sensei’s style is so amazing that you can just imagine the
action like it’s unfolding right before your eyes.
Volume 5 of the always lively manga adaptation is on sale now as well.
To everyone involved in the creation of the anime, thank you so much for
making such a wonderful PV.
To everyone who helped bring this book into the world, especially my
editor, W.
And to everyone who picked up this book.
Thank you all so much.
Page 222
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com