--- PAGE 9 (PDF index) ---
“Humans love to say that boredom kills, but it’s even worse for gods, you
know.”
Such a level voice.
In contrast to that emotionless tone, the bald old man on the screen stomps
angrily.
It’s so surreal to see the stoic-looking old-timer stomping around and the
girl watching him expressionlessly that I can’t even laugh.
Maybe she’s trying to use the movement on the screen to express her
inner irritation, but if anything, it just makes her seem even weirder.
“Being bored is bad enough for humans, but gods live far longer than
mortals, so finding ways to kill time is especially important for us.”
She keeps fiddling with the controller as she speaks, moving the bald guy
around on the screen.
The hairless adventurer kills the monsters that appear one after another.
She makes it look effortless. Because her character isn’t even taking any
damage, one might assume this game is easy, but if I remember correctly, it
was so insanely difficult that it gave even the most hard-core gamers a run for
their money.
Just how many hours has she sunk into this game?
She wasn’t kidding about how desperate she was to avoid being bored.
“But as you can see, if I set my mind to it, I can do just about anything
well.”
On the screen, the bald guy beats the boss monster without taking a point
of damage.
“I’m good at everything. As long as I want to be.”
I bet she really does mean everything, not just video games.
If she wanted to, she really could do just about anything.
Page 1
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 10 (PDF index) ---
Like guide the world to peace…or destroy it.
“It’s no fun doing something you know you’re going to be good at.”
If she gets serious about something, her success is already decided.
Since she can do anything, she already knows what the outcome will be,
which makes things boring.
“That’s why I interfere as little as possible. If I meddle too much, then I’ll
know how the whole thing’s going to turn out. Although I won’t hesitate if
my meddling will make things more entertaining, of course.”
In the end, she’s an outsider, an observer.
Since taking action herself would lead to a guaranteed outcome, all she
does is look on, like she’s watching a movie.
“Lately, I’ve had so little entertainment that I’ve been terribly bored. So
I’ve got high hopes for you, understand? Make sure you entertain me for all
you’re worth.”
But as she gazes at me, there’s no glimmer of those hopes in her eyes. Just
pure amusement.
Those bottomless pitch-black eyes seem to stare right through me.
The self-proclaimed evil god, D, just looks at me without a word.
Page 2
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com