--- PAGE 225 (PDF index) ---
“So you intend to revolt against the Demon Lord, then?”
“Yeah. If we abide by her wishes, all of demonkind will be destroyed.”
A foolish declaration comes through the phone.
The man has a fair amount of influence among demons, but frankly, he is
insignificant.
Especially compared to Erguner.
That man has some connection to the pontiff of the Word of God, so he
cannot be taken lightly.
Surely, he is scheming up some way to outwit both Ariel and me even
now.
No doubt he has some connection to this rebellion behind the scenes, too.
Irritatingly enough, he always takes care not to leave any proof of his
actions instead of attacking us head-on.
On the other hand, I have no such concerns about the man I am speaking
with right now.
That makes things simple.
“So I was hoping to request your help, too, Potimas.”
“Of course. It pains me to think of letting that woman destroy the
relationship we elves have built up with the demons over so many years.”
There is truth behind this statement of mine. I have invested a great deal
in convincing the demons to trust the elves.
Part of this was to prevent the demon race from weakening, lest their
ongoing feud with the humans fall to the wayside. Because if that feud was to
fall apart, I have no doubt that the pontiff of the Word of God would
manipulate public opinion in order to turn humanity against us elves next.
Even when the demon race was thriving, the pontiff tried many a time to
Page 217
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 226 (PDF index) ---
spread the idea that the elves are evil.
And since demon invasions of the human realms have fallen off in recent
times, I can no longer completely prevent his control over information.
The more spare power that falls into the hands of the humans, specifically
the Word of God, the more inconvenient it is for me.
Which is why I need their long-standing enemies, the demons, to keep
their hands full to a certain extent, even if I have to personally assist the
demons myself.
Besides, the current demon lord is that accursed Ariel.
I doubt that she has the strength to cause me serious harm on her own, but
it certainly does not amuse me to see someone who wishes me ill at the head
of the demon race.
“Oh! Thanks a lot! With the elves on our side, we’ve got nothing to fear!”
Hrm. I suppose that would be true, if the elves were to go all out.
But of course, I have no intention of putting all my energy into helping
this nobody.
I shall be most satisfied if my forces can simply whittle away her numbers
to an appropriate degree.
An insignificant nobody like this man doesn’t stand a chance of defeating
Ariel.
Of course, the fact that he doesn’t understand that is what makes him a
nobody.
“I shall assist you as best I can.”
“Great! I owe you one!”
The genuine gratitude in the man’s voice nearly makes me laugh.
His pathetic rebellion doesn’t stand a chance of succeeding.
Yet here I am, supporting a rebellion that I know will fail.
I won’t be going all out, but I suppose I ought to make preparations so
that I can yield some results.
My attempts at interfering with Ariel and her little friends have all failed
thus far because I held back my resources. The casualties incurred as a result
do not trouble me overmuch, but it is irritating that I have not caused any
damage to Ariel’s side.
Now is as good a time as any to dispose of a few of her allies.
Of course, it is not her worthless demon subjects I will be targeting.
It is her irreplaceable so-called family, the reincarnations she harbors.
Page 218
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 227 (PDF index) ---
And then there’s White.
If I wish to do something about that group, I suppose it would be foolish
to send a half-baked assault.
Trying to fight them with sheer numbers would be nothing but a waste of
resources.
Being stingy with resources because I fear to lose them will only
guarantee the loss of whatever I do send.
…I have no choice, then.
I will accept a degree of risk and send in some real firepower.
“Now then, I must excuse myself to make preparations of my own.”
“Of course. Please do.”
Ending the call, I think about what to do next.
Then I stand up from my chair and begin to move.
My first stop is the area where the humanoid Glorias are lined up neatly.
Since the main parts have not yet been installed, they are not operational,
but they are all equipped with Anti-Technique Barriers.
“Director.”
“Yes, sir!”
“Prepare all these so that they can be deployed.”
The director in charge of this area pales at my request, but he cannot
disregard a direct order.
“You will be in charge of selecting the main parts to be installed. I am
expecting a job well done, you know.”
“Y-yes, sir!”
Now, once my preparations are complete, I shall go on the attack.
They had best be ready to entertain me with the screams of their final
hour.
Page 219
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com