--- PAGE 55 ---
 THE DUKE’S DAUGHTER AND HER
TEACHER
“Ma’am, why exactly are you going to school in the first place?”
“Why, to enjoy my youth all over again, of course!”
“I’m serious, you know.”
“I’m joooking. I suppose you could say I’m trying to watch over those of
you reincarnations whose social status is too high for me to take you into my
care, you knooow.”
“I knew it.”
“Ooooh? You’d alllready guessed?”
“To an extent anyway, since so many of us reincarnations are in one
place. I don’t know how you managed it, but I’m guessing you elves must’ve
done some negotiating to gather all the reincarnations at this academy.”
“That’s true as far as Natsume goes, but Hasebe being here is sheer
coincidence, honessst.”
“So you don’t entirely deny it.”
“That’s because I know I can’t fool you, clever Miss Katiaaa.”
“Well then, since I’m so clever, maybe you’ll let me ask you a question.
Are the last six of us still alive?”
“…We know for certain that four have died. I’ve located the other two,
but I have no way of going to them directly at the moment.”
“I see. I had a feeling…”
“I’m sorry.”
“There’s no reason for you to apologize, ma’am. Do you mind if I ask…
the names of the ones who died?”
“Of course… Kouta Hayashi, Hiiro Wakaba, Naofumi Kogure, and Issei

--- PAGE 56 ---
Sakurazaki.”
“…I see. Well, that does explain why you have the time to attend school
like this. You don’t need to search for the others anymore.”
“That’s right, although I am still taking action to protect the other two,
you knooow.”
“So who have they become that’s created a situation where you can’t get
to them?”
“That’s a seeecret.”
“Ma’am, I’m being serious here.”
“I am, too. It seriously has to be a seeecret.”
“Does it have anything to do with why we can’t meet the others that you
have been able to look after?”
“Hmm. That’s a different matter, sooo it’s not really related, nooo.”
“I see. Are they doing well, at least?”
“They’re fiiine.”
“And what are their names?”
“I caaan’t tell you.”
“Why not?”
“Well, you might find out eventually, but I don’t think now is the right
time.”
“That doesn’t make any sense.”
“I’m sorry. But it’s how it has to be. And on that note, I have a warning
for you.”
“What is it?”
“Please don’t train your skills too much.”
“Why not?”
“I can’t say.”
“Ma’am, I can only imagine what you’ve seen in the outside world, but
you know Shun’s older brother is a hero, right? I’ve heard all about his work
as a hero from Shun. How he protected a village from a horde of monsters all
by himself and fended off a demon even after it made him drink poison. That
sort of thing.”
“Whaaat about it?”
“This world is extremely dangerous. We may not be heroes, but Shun and
I still have roles to play. It’s very possible we may have to stand on the
battlefield ourselves someday. Since I’m a woman, those odds are still

--- PAGE 57 ---
relatively low… But even if Shun’s royalty, he’s not the heir to the throne.
It’s more than likely. So by telling us not to train our skills, aren’t you
basically asking us to be killed in the future?”
“Of course not!”
“Right. And I know you wouldn’t say a thing like that, ma’am. But
without any reason or explanation, I can’t just agree, either.”
“I…suppose not.”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have been so harsh.”
“No, it’s all right. I’m the one who’s keeping so many secrets.”
“And I’m guessing you can’t tell me why you have all these secrets,
either?”
“I’m sorry.”
“Does it have something to do with the elves?”
“Hmm?”
“It’s pretty strange. Why would elves help protect us reincarnations? It
seems like you’ve explained the situation to them, but can they really be
trusted? They’re not forcing you to comply with some weird conditions or
anything, are they?”
“Not at aaaall. You’ll just have to trust me on that, okaaay?”
“Even with all the secrets you’re keeping?”
“I’m afraid sooo.”
“I can’t just trust people based on gut instinct like Shun can. I want to
trust you, of course, but as long as you’re keeping all these secrets, I can’t
quite manage it.”
“I don’t think you’re wrong about thaaat. If anything, Shun is too trusting,
you knooow?”
“Yeah, I agree. Sometimes I think he’d be lost without me, honestly.”
“Oh-ho-hooo? Perhaps not a bud yet, but is that a seed I smellll? What an
interesting development that would beee.”
“Huh? What’re you talking about? Ma’am, please don’t smile so creepily.
Since you look like a little girl now, it’s really disturbing.”
“Divine punishment tiiime!”
“Huh? Ow!”

