--- PAGE 105 ---
 THE DUKE’S DAUGHTER AND THE
PRINCE’S SISTER
“Katia, why did you quell everyone’s excitement about my brother’s
success?”
“Sue, do you really think Shun wants that?”
“Well…no, I suppose not… You’re a crafty one, Katia. What is your
relationship with my brother, exactly?”
“What do you mean? We’re friends, of course. What’s wrong with that, I
wonder?”
“Liar. You’re not just regular friends, are you? It’s the same with that elf
you all call ‘ma’am.’ And the future saint and sword-king, too. What’s going
on with all of you?”
“Should I really be the one to answer that for you, do you think?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Well, do you honestly want to hear it from me, or is there someone else,
perhaps?”
“Well, I—”
“You should ask Shun directly about that sort of thing.”
“But—”
“I certainly don’t mind explaining, if you wish. But would it truly satisfy
you, hearing it from me?”
“It would.”
“I think not. Or do you really view Shun so lightly that you don’t care
what his answer is?”
“It’s not like that at all!”
“Well then, you ought to ask Shun, not me. It’s better that way for the

--- PAGE 106 ---
both of you, no?”
“…Maybe so.”
“I believe I do understand your feelings right now, if only a little. And
that’s precisely why I think it’s best you confront the source of those
feelings.”
“…All right. I’m sorry. And…thank you.”
“You’re quite welcome. Ah, incidentally, we do indeed have a special
relationship, but there are no romantic feelings there whatsoever. So please
don’t concern yourself with that.”
“R-riiight…”
“What is it? Why the halfhearted reply?”
“Oh, nothing. You don’t seem to realize it yet, so I don’t think I’m the one
who should say it.”
“? What on earth…?”
“After all, why should I encourage someone who might end up being my
rival?”
“Huh? What did you just say?”
“Nothing at all.”
“I guess all I’m really doing is shoving it off on someone else, but so
what? I mean, this is between the two of them as siblings. I don’t want to get
dragged into something that’s got nothing to do with me. Yep, it’s not my
problem. Not at all… I should probably say something to Shun tomorrow,
just in case.”

