--- PAGE 127 ---
 THE DUKE’S DAUGHTER AND THE
EARTH WYRM
“Boy, you got big.”
“You’re telling me! If I get any bigger, I’ll end up having to live outside.”
“So does that mean you’d rather not evolve any more?”
“You’ve got that right. Why, is that a problem?”
“I wouldn’t say that, but…you live in Shun’s room right now, don’t you?
I know you’re a dragon now and all, but are you really okay sleeping in the
same room as a boy?”
“Do you really think that matters to me now that I’m in this form? Frankly, I’m a different species
now, so that sort of feeling wouldn’t even occur to me. You don’t have some kind of weird thing for
reptiles, do you?”
“’Course not!”
“If you do, keep it to yourself. But it’s the same way for me. I’m not really interested in human
men anymore.”
“Oh really?”
“Certainly. I can recognize good looks and all, since I used to be human myself, but a normal earth
dragon wouldn’t even be able to distinguish between human faces, you know?”
“Ah, I guess I get that. I can’t tell the difference between animals’ faces
and stuff, either.”
“Well, I’ve never met any other earth dragons, so I don’t know what would make one attractive or
not, but my point still stands.”
“Yeah, I can’t really picture that myself.”
“Although I’ll admit, I got excited for a minute after I was born when I saw that princely Shun.”
“Huh?”
“I mean, he totally looks like a handsome prince in this world. And I still felt a bit like a human

--- PAGE 128 ---
being back then.”
“Hey now…”
“What’re you getting worked up about? Well anyway, once I found out who was inside, I changed
my mind about that in a hurry.”
“Oh, did you?”
“I mean, it’s Yamada, you know? He never really had much going for him.”
“Hey. Isn’t that a little harsh?”
“Oh, don’t be angry. I respect him now, in a way. I mean, he managed to stay thoroughly average
even after being reborn in a new world. That’s got to take some real dedication.”
“Wow, I can’t tell if you’re complimenting or insulting him.”
“It’s a compliment, more or less. Man, aren’t you overprotective, though! Sensitive much?”
“I am not.”
Well, he doesn’t like me living with Shun, got all worked up when I
mentioned possibly having feelings for him, and was totally relieved when I
said I don’t. It’s obvious what’s going on here, isn’t it? But it’ll be more fun
if I don’t say anything about that.

