--- PAGE 243 ---
 THE DEMON LORD’S AIDE SIGHS
AT A MEETING
I walk down a long corridor following a petite figure nearly two heads shorter
than I am.
As a result, this individual’s gait is quite a bit slower than mine.
Which means I have to be careful to proceed less briskly than usual.
It’s not ideal, but I can’t simply overtake the one I’m following.
Because the girl striding ahead of me at the moment is the current Demon
Lord.
When we finally finish traversing the lengthy corridor, we arrive before a
single door.
There, the Demon Lord stops.
To be perfectly honest, I do not want to open this door. However, I have
no choice but to do so.
Taking care to swallow the sigh that threatens to rise unbidden from deep
inside me, I open it.
Then I step aside to allow the Demon Lord to enter, bowing my head
reverentially.
The Demon Lord doesn’t so much as spare me a glance as she enters, as if
she expected no less.
Once the Demon Lord has crossed the threshold, I fall in line behind her.
—After gently closing the door so it doesn’t make a sound, of course.
The room we’ve entered is a sort of council room.
There’s a circular table at its center, with a seat of honor reserved for the
Demon Lord.
Ten other men and women are already arrayed at the table.

--- PAGE 244 ---
Half of them stand as the Demon Lord makes her appearance.
The other half remain seated.
The problem is that one of those who remained seated is my younger
brother.
Once again, I have to suppress a sigh from escaping my throat.
I pull out the Demon Lord’s chair so she can sit.
Again without even looking at me, the Demon Lord flops casually into the
chair with an utter lack of elegance.
I notice a few grimaces in response.
I’m sure the Demon Lord noticed, too. She takes great pleasure in evoking
that kind of reaction, after all.
Personally, I think it’s in rather poor taste myself, but if I were to let it
show on my face as well, there’s no telling what she might say to me later.
The most effective way to deal with this Demon Lord is to keep a poker
face at all times.
“Now, let’s get this meeting started. Balto?”
“Indeed.”
I give a brief reply to the Demon Lord’s command.
To be frank, once she’s given the signal for the meeting to start, the
Demon Lord’s role here is over.
All the actual work of conducting the meeting falls to me.
Or rather, it’s forced on me.
“Well then, as our first order of business, let’s hear your reports. We’ll
start with the First Army, shall we?”
As usual, we start the meeting with activity reports from the troops
deployed in various locations.
At my prompting, First Army Commander Agner, who’s served as the
general for several generations of Demon Lords, rises.
Though Commander Agner would likely appear youthful by human
standards, he is considered a senior even for a long-lived demon.
His power and competence are such that one wonders why he has never
been a Demon Lord himself.
“The First Army has completed its preparations to advance toward the
stronghold of the Renxandt Empire, Fort Kusorion. Supply trains have also
been successfully deployed. We are ready to march on command. That is all.”
As usual, Commander Agner gives a straightforward report without any

--- PAGE 245 ---
extraneous information.
His fortitude and vigor make him the picture of a model military man.
“The Second Army is prepared as well. However, if granted a small
amount of additional time, our shadowy dealings may bear fruit.”
The next person to stand and report is an alluringly beautiful woman.
Second Army Commander Sanatoria. As a succubus, she’s exceptionally
charming and crafty, even for a demon.
The “shadowy dealings” she refers to are probably something along those
lines.
“How much longer will it take?”
“As little as two or three days, perhaps.”
“You are free to proceed, as long as it does not interfere with the
advance.”
“Thank you very much.”
With a bewitching smile that could make your heart skip a beat, Sanatoria
returns to her seat.
However, the Third Army Commander makes no move to rise.
“Commander Kogou.”
“Weh… So, um, there really is going to be a war?”
The giant Kogou attempts to shrink down in his seat.
“There’s no way we can, um, avoid that?”
“It is inevitable. If there were any way to avoid it, we would do so.”
“Wha… No matter what?”
Before I can answer Kogou’s insistent queries, a different voice echoes
through the room.
“No matter what. But if you really want to avoid a war, Commander
Kogou, there is one thing you could do.”
It’s the Demon Lord. She has a nasty smirk on her face, as if she’s thought
of a cruel prank.
“U-um, what is that?”
“It’s easy. You and every last member of the Third Army can become the
cornerstone for the world.”
Kogou freezes at the Demon Lord’s words.
“What’s the matter? I thought you wanted to avoid a war? Well, that’d do
it.”
“I-I’m sorry. Um, I won’t bring it up again. So, um, please forgive me.”

--- PAGE 246 ---
Before the Demon Lord opens her mouth to bully Kogou further, I quickly
cut in.
“Kogou, please let this be a lesson to avoid speaking out unnecessarily in
the future. Do you have anything to report?”
“Um, everything is going well.”
“Good. Next, please.”
The Demon Lord looks a bit disgruntled, but this is for the best.
The Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth commanders give their reports without a
problem.
Then it’s the Seventh Army Commander’s turn.
However, the commander, my younger brother Bloe, makes no move to
stand.
“Bloe.”
“I just don’t get it, Brother.”
Bloe crosses his arms and slouches back in his seat disagreeably.
“Why is this random chick the Demon Lord when you’re the one who’s
been coordinating and managing us demons all this time? It doesn’t make
sense!”
“Bloe.”
“And I don’t get you, either! Why do you serve her, Brother?! She don’t
look strong enough to keep you under her thumb like this!”
“Fool! Don’t speak of the Demon Lord that way!”
The Fifth Army Commander, Darad, erupts at Bloe’s temerity.
Bloe and Darad clash often; their personalities seem to be at odds with
one another.
Usually, one of their neighbors will step in, but this time no one is
stopping them.
Some side with Bloe, some with Darad, and some prefer to watch and
wait.
The commanders all have varying opinions.
However, it seems that this time everyone has decided to stay out of it.
“Have you forgotten, Bloe?! The providence of the world compels us
demons to follow the Demon Lord no matter who it might be!”
“Who cares about that crap? She’s no leader of mine! I’ve never even
seen her lift a finger—have you?!”
“Do you think the likes of us are permitted to doubt the Demon Lord’s

--- PAGE 247 ---
intentions?! The inner thoughts of a Demon Lord are too complex for us to
even imagine!”
“Maybe for you, but some of us have minds of our own, pal! What kinda
chump follows every order without a second thought just ’cause it comes
from the Demon Lord?! I don’t wanna hear anything from a dumbass like
you!”
“You, of all people, dare to call me such a thing?!”
Sandwiched between the arguing pair, Sixth Army Commander Huey
looks very aggravated.
The other officers simply look on.
Among them, the only one whose thoughts I absolutely cannot guess is
the Fourth Army Commander.
Commander Merazophis’s pallid face doesn’t show the slightest twitch of
emotion.
Of all the villainous leaders in the demon army, this man is particularly
difficult to understand.
I always pay careful attention to him, but thus far, I haven’t noticed
anything suspicious.
“Fine! Let’s do this, then!”
Finally, Bloe puts a hand on his weapon.
Darad reaches for his own in turn, but his hand stops short.
“Wh…? My body…”
“Why can’t I move?!”
Both of their bodies are frozen in place, not responding to their
commands.
“Sorry, guys, but d’you mind not fighting over such stupid shit?”
These acrimonious words emanate from the Demon Lord, the very cause
of the quarrel.
All the commanders, not just the two who are frozen in place, are
overcome with astonishment.
None of them know how the Demon Lord is sealing the pair’s
movements.
Understandably so. The Demon Lord has always avoided demonstrating
her powers in front of them.
Her method of restraint is silk too thin to be seen with the naked eye.
The threads are attached to the backs of their heads.

--- PAGE 248 ---
Marionette threads. Anyone captured by these strings becomes the Demon
Lord’s puppet.
And this isn’t limited to living things.
To my knowledge, the Demon Lord can use these threads to
simultaneously control ten puppets, developed specifically for battle, to wipe
out hordes of enemies.
However, even I know no more than this.
The Demon Lord has yet to show her hand, even to me.
Bloe is sorely mistaken in thinking the Demon Lord incompetent.
The fact that she holds this station is no mere fluke.
She is the Demon Lord because she is worthy of the station.
“If you piss me off too much, I might have to use Abyss Magic, ya
know.”
A savage smile. After seeing that expression, there are none in the room
who dare oppose her.
The Demon Lord gives the marionette strings a tug. That alone is enough
to force the pair into their seats.
Then the threads separate from their bodies, and the commanders finally
regain their freedom.
“I…I apologize.”
“…”
Dalad apologizes, the color drained from his face, while Bloe seems
incapable of speaking at all.
“Now, a report from the Eighth Army, please.”
Though it may be cruel, I have to leave my deflated younger brother as he
is.
“No problems here.”
Eighth Army Commander Wrath responds curtly.
This man shows no interest at all in whether the Demon Lord is worthy.
He has all kinds of other problems to make up for that, but as they’re not
particularly relevant, I’ll refrain from going into them now.
The issue at hand is the remaining two.
“The Ninth Army is prepared to advance.”
If I were to describe this man in a word, it would be “dark.” He is always
clad in black armor and a black helmet, as if they were attached to his body.
What little skin can be seen underneath the helmet is dark. His hair is dark

--- PAGE 249 ---
as well.
All that stands out are his eerily red eyes.
I don’t even know his name. We simply call him Black.
“The Tenth Army has no issues to report.”
The girl seated at the dark man’s side is his polar opposite.
Her robe is pure white. Even her bleached skin is oddly white.
Her long, braided hair is white. And because her eyes are closed, no color
is visible.
I do not know this woman’s name, either. We simply call her White.
These two individuals were added to the staff of the demon army by the
Demon Lord.
I know nothing about their identities.
However, I can make a guess.
I believe these two are Rulers.
Rulers are said to manipulate this world behind the scenes.
And these are two of their number.
Even I have no idea how the Demon Lord managed to turn this pair into
her subordinates.
But I cannot help but be wary of their overwhelming unearthliness.
“I see, I see. Sounds like things’re going well.”
The Demon Lord nods, looking pleased.
“So…shall we start a war?”
With these words, the curtains open quietly on a great war, perhaps the
worst in history, between demons and mankind.
All too aware of this reality, I cannot help but finally expel a quiet sigh.

