--- PAGE 154 ---
 THE DUKE’S DAUGHTER AND THE
FUTURE SAINT
“Ooshima, why are you changing clothes with the girls?”
“Huh? …Oh, right. Sorry. It’s been so long, I don’t even think about it
anymore. But if it bothers you, Hasebe, I can wait until after everyone else is
done or change somewhere else?”
“Oh, um, well…”
“C’mon, what’s up?”
“Oh, well… I guess I didn’t expect you to respond so calmly. Wouldn’t
you normally panic and apologize in this kind of situation?”
“I dunno… I don’t really feel anything about girls’ bodies since being
reincarnated. It’s hard to believe I was so crazy about them when I was a guy,
honestly. But I don’t feel a thing when I see girls now, so I don’t really feel
guilty or anything.”
“Really? You don’t find it embarrassing at all?”
“I mean, since I was reborn into a duke’s family, I’ve had maids helping
me change clothes and bathe since I was a baby, y’know? I got over being
embarrassed pretty quickly.”
“I…see… That sounds hard, in its own way.”
“I guess. I certainly feel a lot better living in a dorm where I don’t have to
deal with that. If anything, I find it hard to believe the other girls complain so
much about not having their maids.”
“Oh yes. I agree.”
“Right, ’cause you grew up in an orphanage, huh…? Between that and
having memories from Japan, doesn’t that make it hard to hit it off with all
the nobles here?”

--- PAGE 155 ---
“Well, yes, to be honest.”
“Yeah, I figured. Even I have trouble dealing with it at times.”
“Ha-ha. Sounds like we’ve both had it tough, albeit in different ways.”
“Uh-huh. But I don’t think my struggles are a big deal compared with
what you’ve been through.”
“No?”
“’Course not. I mean, it was hard, but it’s not like my life was in danger.”
“I suppose that’s true. But nonetheless, I’m happy with how my life has
gone.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Very much so. That’s how I learned the importance of God’s voice!”
“O-oh yeah.”
“Don’t you agree? God sees everything, you know. The Word of God is
omnipotent and all knowing. The fact that the voice has chosen to speak to us
in Japanese is proof of that. As long as you follow God’s voice, all will be
well!”
“R…riiight. I guess so.”
“Of course it is! That’s why you should join the Followers of the Word of
God, Ooshima!”
“Ah… Uh… Sorry. I can’t choose my religion because of my family
circumstances.”
“Is that so? What a shame. But if you change your mind, please do let me
know.”
“Yeah, sure. Oh, right, what did you want me to do? Should I change
clothes somewhere else?”
“Ah, well, let’s see. I think perhaps talking with you has made me feel a
bit better about it. I’m sure I’ll get used to it in time.”
“You sure?”
“Of course. In fact, when I think about it, seeing you here doesn’t make
me uncomfortable in the least.”
“What d’you mean?”
“Well, you don’t seem like a man. You’re perfectly feminine in just about
every way.”
“I dunno if I should be happy about that or not…”
“I’d say it’s a good thing, no? After all, you’ll have to keep living as a
woman from here on out.”

--- PAGE 156 ---
“It’s complicated.”
“Well, it’s my mission in life to guide others. So if you have any issues
with womanly matters, feel free to come to me about it!”
“…Thanks. I’ll keep that in mind.”
“So Shun doesn’t want me to change… That’s asking way too much. How
am I supposed to stay the same in this situation? …And Yuri thinks I’m
feminine… I wonder if Shun doesn’t see me as a woman, then. Huh? Wait,
what am I saying? That doesn’t mean anything… Right?”

