--- PAGE 71 ---
 THE NIGHTMARE’S VESTIGE
A few days after entering the Great Elroe Labyrinth, we finally arrive at the
spot where an adventurer reported seeing an anomalous taratect.
From here, we enlist Goyef’s help searching the surrounding area to find
and destroy our target.
“Please be careful. Because the passages in this area are so wide, large
monsters like earth dragons sometimes turn up.”
Earth dragons, is it? Dragons are generally strong.
Low-ranking wyrm species usually aren’t much more dangerous than
other monsters of the same level, but the higher-ranking the species, the
greater the danger becomes.
They may even be a match for my stats, despite my hero status—or even
outrank me.
“It’s too quiet around here.”
I nod in response to Jeskan’s remark.
It’s good that we’re starting our hunt, but we haven’t encountered a single
monster since we got here.
And this is the Great Elroe Labyrinth, renowned for being teeming with
them.
Something strange is definitely going on.
Suddenly, I feel a sharp prickling sensation on my skin.
I draw my sword immediately.
Hyrince raises his shield, and Yaana concentrates so she can use her
magic at a moment’s notice.
Jeskan and Hawkin look around warily.
I can see cold sweat streaming down Goyef’s face.
“The hero’s here.”

--- PAGE 72 ---
Then a voice echoes in my mind.
It doesn’t make a sound, reaching me like a thought.
I whirl around.
There, I find myself face-to-face with a giant spider monster.
“G-greater taratect…”
Goyef speaks in almost a whimper.
A greater taratect can be just as strong as an upper-class wyrm.
And there are three.
But my gaze goes right past the three giant monsters, captivated by the
sight of a small form.
A little white creature, lurking behind the greater taratects, as if in hiding.
“Th-there it is! That’s our target! The Nightmare’s Vestige! This is the
monster said to have been left behind by the Nightmare of the Labyrinth!”
The Nightmare of the Labyrinth. A monster that appeared some ten-odd
years ago.
It had been indescribably strong, hence its title.
A spider that crushed humans like insects.
And the first monster that taught me the pain of defeat.
Our target this time is the Nightmare’s Vestige, a mutant taratect—
stronger than an upper-class wyrm or even a dragon—said to have been left
behind by the Nightmare.
Apparently, it attacked a group of adventurers and partially wiped them
out, which is why we were sent in to destroy it.
“Die, hero.”
The Nightmare’s Vestige disappears from sight.
Or, at least, it moves with such ferocious speed that it seems to have
disappeared.
Instantly, I grab Yaana beside me and jump to one side.
Then something cuts through the air where we were standing just seconds
ago.
The two front legs of the creature’s eight morph into a pair of scythes.
I tumble to the ground, towing Yaana along.
Then I use the momentum from my roll to stand again, pulling Yaana
back up with me.
“Yaana, support us with your magic, please. It’s best to assume that
attacks won’t hit this thing.”

--- PAGE 73 ---
“Understood!”
Such speed. Without powerful accuracy-boosting magic, I doubt any
strikes would land.
My master probably could have done it, but I can’t expect the same results
from Yaana.
Master was outside the norm in many ways, after all.
My comrades move according to my instructions, and the three greater
taratects set out at the same time.
Greater taratects have average stats somewhere around 2,000.
But the most dangerous monster here is undoubtedly the Nightmare’s
Vestige accompanying them.
“I’ll take care of the greater taratects! The rest of you, focus on taking
down the Nightmare’s Vestige!”
I shout orders as I charge the approaching greater taratects.
Jeskan aims his sickle and chain toward the Nightmare’s Vestige.
The creature dodges it by leaping upward.
Reaching the ceiling, it clings upside down.
Hawkin immediately throws a knife, but the Nightmare’s Vestige runs
along the ceiling with terrifying speed, an impossible target.
The throwing knife simply bounces off the rock surface of the cavern with
a dull thud.
“How the hell is it movin’ that fast on the ceiling?”
Hawkin’s voice cracks a little, but I can’t blame him.
It seems best if I finish off the greater taratects quickly and rejoin the rest
of the group.
My sword fills with a holy light.
The greater taratects spray webbing at my feet, trying to slow my
approach.
My shining blade severs it with ease.
Spider monsters’ silk may be dangerous, but it’s no match for my holy
light.
I press my advantage to gain ground on the closest greater taratect.
The beast tries to guard itself with its front legs, but my sword slices its
limbs neatly in half, along with its head.
Fluid gushes from the body of the first spider as it falls.
The second greater taratect counters immediately, leaping over the giant

--- PAGE 74 ---
corpse.
But I have magic at the ready to take it out.
Holy Light Sphere. The small, floating ball of light blows the second
enemy away.
The attack tears the greater taratect to shreds before it hits the ground.
One left!
As the battle continues, the effects of Yaana’s magic begin taking hold.
Magic increases all our stats while also boosting our resistance to poison.
When fighting spider monsters, the most important things to be wary of
are poison…and thread!
Glancing behind me, I see a rain of silk showering down from the ceiling
at my comrades.
Jeskan swings his now-flaming sickle and chain.
Spider thread is vulnerable to fire. An experienced adventurer like Jeskan
isn’t likely to get caught like that.
The sickle and chain arcs toward the Nightmare’s Vestige.
But by the time the weapon reaches the ceiling, the monster is no longer
there.
The Nightmare’s Vestige launches itself directly at Jeskan.
Hyrince jumps between them, stopping the attack from the Nightmare’s
Vestige with his shield.
The heavy sound of the creature’s scythes clashing with Hyrince’s shield
hurts my ears.
Hyrince falls back a step from the sheer weight of the assault, and the
Nightmare’s Vestige leaps backward in turn, putting some distance between
them.
At that moment, Hawkin slashes at the monster with a short sword.
The Nightmare’s Vestige dodges Hawkin’s blade by a hairbreadth, trying
to get a bit more distance.
In these short moments, the battle unfolds like a tug-of-war.
I only spare a second to assess their struggle.
The greater taratect sees this as an opening and charges.
Its giant, poisonous fangs bear down on me.
How foolish.
The spider’s fangs crash against a wall of light right before my eyes.
It’s a Light Magic spell called Light Barrier.

--- PAGE 75 ---
Normally, it’s a thin shield only effective against low-powered attacks
like arrows.
But with my stats behind it, that defense becomes much stronger.
A Holy Light Sphere bursts over the thwarted greater taratect.
I quickly turn on my heel.
The Nightmare’s Vestige isn’t looking in my direction.
Thinking it’s my chance, I strike at it from behind.
The Nightmare’s Vestige reacts to my attack so quickly, dodging my
sword with ease, that it’s as if it has eyes on its back.
However, I’m prepared for this possibility.
Aiming at the Nightmare’s Vestige as it leaps back, I let loose with some
Light Magic.
This—along with Lightning Magic—is among the fastest magical attacks.
No matter how quick the Nightmare’s Vestige might be, there’s no way it
can dodge this.
I’m confident I’ll land a direct hit, but something blocks my strike.
It’s been canceled out by a Dark Magic spell cast by the Nightmare’s
Vestige.
“What?!”
I can’t contain my shock.
The fact that the creature uses magic isn’t surprising in itself.
As soon as I realized it understands human speech, I could tell it’s very
intelligent.
That being the case, it’s no wonder it can use spells.
But how can it dispel a hero’s magic? Against a technique that activates in
an instant, no less?
It must have stats that rival a high-class wyrm—or maybe even a dragon.
Sweat drips unpleasantly down my forehead.
The Nightmare’s Vestige dodges Hawkin’s throwing knife only to be met
with Jeskan, who swings a flaming sword at it.
Jeskan can employ all kinds of different weaponry, depending on the
situation.
Usually, he favors a giant ax, but he appears to have opted for a sword in
this instance to match his opponent’s speed.
However, the Nightmare’s Vestige avoids even Jeskan’s blade,
proceeding to slice at my comrade’s body with its scythe-like front legs.

--- PAGE 76 ---
“Ngh!”
Jeskan drops to one knee with a short grunt.
The Nightmare’s Vestige turns to attack him again, but Hyrince stands in
its way.
“Yaana!”
“Right!”
Yaana responds to Hyrince’s cry.
She hurries toward Jeskan to heal him.
Aiming for the moment when Hyrince stops the attack from the
Nightmare’s Vestige with his shield, I cast another spell.
This time, the monster doesn’t bother dispelling it, simply reading my
movements and ducking the attack instead.
But I’m prepared for that as well.
I cast again, aiming in the direction the Nightmare’s Vestige is leaping
and tapping into magic that I’d prepared simultaneously.
Light Magic level 10—Light Field.
Against an enemy this fast, the best approach is an attack with a wide
effective range that gives the target nowhere to run.
Light Field is exactly that kind of spell. It bathes a broad area with light
and causes damage.
Even the Nightmare’s Vestige couldn’t avoid it if there was no chance to
escape.
Still, at top speed, that thing might manage.
Which is why I forced my prey to dodge my initial attack—to throw the
beast off-balance when I cast this one.
The light envelops the Nightmare’s Vestige, just as I planned.
It was a perfect strategy.
And yet a poisonous fog spreads out, eclipsing the light. Poison Magic.
The Nightmare’s Vestige launched a counterattack, even as the light
seared it.
“Ugh!”
Pain assaults my whole body.
I can feel my HP rapidly decreasing.
Such a powerful poison. My resistance should be heightened thanks to
Yaana’s magic, and yet…
“Julius!”

--- PAGE 77 ---
All at once, the pain eases. It isn’t Yaana. Goyef?
“This is the best I can do, but poison is my strong suit. Leave it to me!”
Apparently, Goyef saved me with some kind of detoxification magic.
Thank goodness.
I look back. The Nightmare’s Vestige is crawling out of the light.
It’s definitely wounded, but its injuries are far from fatal.
Not only that, but the monster seems to be gradually healing. Maybe it has
HP Auto-Recovery or some kind of recovery magic?
Either way, it seems like ordinary methods won’t be enough to bring
down Nightmare’s Vestige.
“Good grief. Our attacks rarely connect, and when they do, they barely
make a dent. Really brings you down, doesn’t it?”
Hyrince’s casual observation makes me smile.
In reality, the situation is far too grim for such light commentary. Hyrince
must know this, so he plays it off as an attempt to keep the party’s mood from
becoming despairing.
If the Light Magic attack with the broadest effective area won’t slay it,
then my only option is to use even more powerful spells.
I do have something stronger than Light Field.
The strongest spell in my arsenal: Holy Light Magic level 7—Holy Light
Beam.
However, while this magic is powerful, it only deploys in a straight line.
How can I land a hit…?
But I’m not fighting alone.
My friends will create an opening for me.
Trusting in my companions, I begin preparing the spell, when I notice
something strange.
The Nightmare’s Vestige is behaving oddly.
Is it afraid of something?
Whatever the cause, it’s the perfect opening.
Jeskan restrains the immobilized Nightmare’s Vestige with his sickle and
chain.
As if coming back to itself, the beast starts moving again, struggling to
escape.
Then it’s pierced by one of Hawkin’s throwing knives.
Hawkin’s weapon carries an attribute that inflicts paralysis on its victims.

--- PAGE 78 ---
The Nightmare’s Vestige spasms and stops flailing.
That’s when I cast the spell I’ve prepared—Holy Light Beam.
“Excellent work.”
Goyef’s praise seems to be coming from far away.
Looking around, I only see the members of our party.
What in the world made the Nightmare’s Vestige seize up like that?
If that hadn’t happened, we might have lost this battle.
“Julius, I know you might be concerned, but we won. Let’s just focus on
that for now.”
I nod slowly at Hyrince’s words.
He’s right. There’s no use getting hung up on things I don’t understand.
Why did the Nightmare’s Vestige target me, the hero?
Why did it suddenly stop?
Why did I feel so uneasy, despite the fact that we won?
I have no way of unraveling any of this, so there’s no use worrying about
it.
After all, no matter what happens next, I’ll have to keep fighting as the
hero.
“Well, looks like our job here is done.”
“Indeed. Let us leave this place as quickly as we can.”
“Ah, there’s a spider behind you!”
“What?! Where? Where is it?!”
“Sorry, my bad. I was just seeing things.”
Yaana puffs up her cheeks in rage at Hyrince’s teasing.
Jeskan looks on blandly, and Hawkin gives a dry smile.
They’re all their usual selves.
Right. I might not feel 100 percent reassured, but everything is fine.
Now the Nightmare’s Vestige can’t cause any more harm.
Protecting the people’s safety is the hero’s duty.
So our accomplishment should be cause for celebration.
In the wake of the battle, we’re able to leave the Great Elroe Labyrinth
without further incident.

--- PAGE 79 ---
“Was it quite to your liking?”
“Hmm? Well, it seems like one of them got a false start, so I’ll have to
deal with that…”
“Pardon?”
“Ah, it’s all right. Nothing to do with you, so don’t even worry about it.”
“Very well, then…”
“More important, what would really please me is if you’d make some
headway on your own work, y’know?”
“As you wish, O Demon Lord.”

