--- PAGE 48 ---
 ACADEMY
There’s something called an academy in this country.
In our old world, the expectation is that everyone goes to school, but in
this world, getting a formal education is fairly unusual. The only people able
to afford it are aristocrats and other members of the privileged class,
particularly wealthy commoners or people otherwise blessed with a great deal
of natural talent.
Because I’m a member of the royal family, I can attend school without a
problem.
Sue is in the same boat, of course, as well as Katia, who clears the
conditions by being the daughter of a duke.
And so the three of us were sent off to academy together.
Just like school in our old world, there are general studies taught here.
At the same time, though, there are classes that teach us how to fight.
If anything, the latter is the main focus.
This continent, Daztrudia, is human territory, but the other continents are
still embroiled in violent battles against demons and monsters.
There are monsters here on Daztrudia, as well—to the point where there’s
always a need for more capable fighters.
So we spend a lot of our time at school learning about combat.
Sue, Katia, and I are at the academy entrance ceremony.
Fei is considered my pet (or rather my familiar), so I can’t bring her
along.
Apparently, I can bring her to class, but she isn’t allowed to participate in
events like these.
Looking around, I see other incoming students my age, sitting in chairs
and waiting for the ceremony to begin.

--- PAGE 49 ---
This is the largest academy in the region, so a lot of kids come here from
other countries, too.
As I size up the other students, most of them either hurriedly look away or
stare directly at me.
I can feel eyes on me, too, and hear the whispered rumors.
“That’s the prince of this country sitting over there.”
“I heard he’s some kind of genius, but he doesn’t look that strong to
me…”
“I wonder if we can get close to him somehow?”
Because of my Auditory Enhancement skill, I can hear every word they’re
saying.
Now I’m feeling really uncomfortable.
“Gooood morning!”
A nonchalant voice breaks through the strained atmosphere.
Turning to look, I saw the elf Filimøs, formerly known as Ms. Oka.
“Good morning. It’s strange to see you as a student now.”
“I’m very excited to experience youth all over again, you knooow!”
With that, she sits down beside me.
Sue, who is seated on my other side, regards Ms. Oka with an expression
that borders on a scowl.
In fact, she’s definitely scowling at Ms. Oka.
Oh, right. This is Sue’s first time meeting my former teacher.
“Come on, Sue, don’t glare at people. Sorry, ma’am. This is my sister,
Sue.”
“Oh-ho! I see, I seeee. Verrry cute.”
Ms. Oka scrutinizes Sue with a smile that elicits a bad feeling in my gut.
She’s definitely not thinking anything decent.
“Brother, who is this suspicious-looking person?”
Understandably, Sue is trying to shield herself behind me a little.
“Shun, dear, you haven’t done anything strange to your poor sister, have
you?”
Teacher, please don’t ask me that with such a serious expression.
Of course I haven’t done anything.
“Sue, this is Filimøs, an elf who’ll be joining us at school. Shun and I
have met her before, you see. Though she looks like a child, it’s only because
elves age quite slowly—she’s actually the same age we are. She’s also

--- PAGE 50 ---
worked in many different places, so if anything, she knows more of the world
than any of us.”
Katia steps in to explain things to Sue for me.
I’m not good at laying things out so clearly, so Katia’s support is a big
help.
“Nice to meet youuu!”
“…You too.”
Sue still looks rather guarded, but she reluctantly exchanges greetings
with Ms. Oka.
“Katia, does my brother prefer childish women like this?”
“Oh, it’s not like that at all, don’t worry. Despite her looks, Ms. Filimøs is
quite dependable, so Shun simply views her with respect.”
You know I can hear you whispering, right?
I’m absolutely not a lolicon, thank you very much.
I’ll have to thank Katia for backing me up later—and have a few words
with Sue.
Apparently, Ms. Oka overheard this conversation, as well. I muster a wry
smile despite my sulky mood, and she returns it in kind.
The entrance ceremony ends without any issues.
Afterward, most of the students return to the dormitories or set out to
explore the campus.
The academy is a boarding school.
I’m no exception to this rule, so I’ll be living in a dorm while I’m
attending.
Unless there are special circumstances, students can’t leave school
grounds except during long holidays.
“What shall we do next?” Katia poses the question in socialite mode.
We’ve already gotten our dorm rooms set up.
I’d like to see the academy grounds if possible, but I have a feeling Fei
would scold me later if I left her alone for that long, so I should go back to
the dormitory first.
“There’re a few people I’d like to meeeet. Would you all come with
meee?”
Just as I’m about to head back to my dorm, my former teacher calls out to

--- PAGE 51 ---
us.
“Someone you’d like to meet?”
“Oh, yesss. The future saint and the future sword-king. It wouldn’t hurt
for you to get to know them as well, you knooow!”
The saint and the sword-king.
The saint is a symbolic figure from our neighboring kingdom, the Holy
Kingdom of Alleius.
Often called the hero’s counterpart, the woman designated as the saint in
each generation is obliged to work alongside the hero.
The saint is selected based purely on ability, not pedigree.
And since the Holy Kingdom of Alleius is the main seat of the religion
called the Word of God, all the followers of that religion gather there.
In other words, the saint is chosen from an elite group of female followers
of the Word of God.
The current saint, of course, accompanies my older brother Julius.
Her name is Yaana, I believe. A master of Light and Recovery Magic,
she’s the only woman in my brother’s party.
I’ve only met her a handful of times, but I remember thinking she was
pretty tomboyish for a saint.
So this person at the academy would be Yaana’s successor, then.
The sword-king is the title of the ruler of the Renxandt Empire, the
country with the highest human population on the continent of Kasanagara.
The Renxandt Empire is adjacent to demon territory, so it’s endlessly
under siege.
To lead that country, the most important requirement is strength.
As a result, it’s said that subsequent generations of rulers have taken the
alias of the first king, the “sword-king,” as their title.
While the saint is chosen from a pool of talented candidates regardless of
their lineage, the sword-king is based purely on bloodline.
Which means the current sword-king’s son is enrolled at this academy.
“Ah yes, the crown price of the Renxandt Empire. I’ve certainly heard the
rumors. I believe he’s a first-year at the academy this year, just like us. He’s
said to be a sword master to rival the memory of the original sword-king, or
such is the claim.”
Katia, how do you know about this?
This is the first I’m hearing about it.

--- PAGE 52 ---
“Shun, you should try paying attention to the world around you a little
more, too.”
Katia raises her eyebrows at me. My expression must’ve betrayed my
thoughts.
Damn. She’s got me there, I guess.
“But… If you’re going out of your way to meet them, ma’am, does that
mean…?”
“It sure doooes.”
“Well then, I suppose we simply must meet them.”
Katia and Filimøs continue the conversation on their own.
Sue and I don’t follow their meaning, so we simply look on in silence.
“Come along, then, Shun… Wait. Why the long face?”
“Oh, I just wasn’t sure what you were talking about…”
“Really? Sue I can understand, but you…”
Katia and our teacher both look at me pityingly.
C-come on, do you really have to make that face at me?
“I mean, I know she said it’d be good to meet them sooner rather than
later, so I figured I’d go, but…”
“Shun, you’re something else.”
Katia presses a hand to her forehead as if fending off a headache.
“Do you really trust Ms. Oka that much?”
“Huh?”
I stare at Katia blankly, not understanding her pointed whisper.
Seeing this, Katia heaves a deep sigh.
“Ah, looks like we don’t have to go and find them after aaaall!”
I look up and follow the teacher’s gaze to see a boy and a girl approaching
us.
The boy has dark brown hair that’s nearly black and eyes of the same
color, with tough, masculine features.
The girl has wavy blonde hair and blue eyes with an air of mysterious
beauty.
“Yo. So that puny elf is Ms. Oka?”
“Don’t be rude, Natsume. That’s no way to talk to a teacher! It’s good to
see you, ma’am.”
Both of them are speaking Japanese.
With that, I finally realize what Katia and our teacher were getting at.

--- PAGE 53 ---
These two are reincarnations, like us.
“Good to see you, toooo! Natsume, Hasebe, I’m so very glad you’re
wellll.”
Our teacher’s words reveal the pair’s original identities.
The boy’s name used to be Kengo Natsume, the de facto leader of the
boys in our class.
Honestly, though, I never really liked Natsume much.
He was really athletic, with good reflexes, and while he never actually did
anything violent, he had a tendency to show off his strength and use it to get
people to do what he wanted. On top of being pushy, he came off sounding
like he looked down on others.
Most kids in our class either followed his lead or did their best to avoid
him.
I was always the latter.
“Ha-ha! Ms. Oka was always tiny, but now she shrank even more! That’s
hilarious!”
“Natsume!”
The girl scolding Natsume was formerly Yuika Hasebe, who used to sit
next to me.
Unlike Natsume, Hasebe never made much of an impression as being
particularly good or bad.
Among the girls, the clique that stood out most was the one that included
Fei, aka Mirei Shinohara. But Hasebe was closer with the relatively quiet
girls, like Temarikawa and Furuta.
Of course, that’s just compared with Fei—she was still a pretty bright and
active person herself—but Hasebe certainly never struck me as the type who
secretly held the potential to be a saint or anything like that.
“I’m an elf, so I can’t help being small, you knooow. Besides, you’re not
so much taller than me yourself now, Natsumeee.”
“I’m gonna have a huge growth spurt soon, just you wait. Anyway, this
guy’s the prince of this country, right? Who’s in there?”
Natsume looks my way like a predator sizing up its prey.
His eyes glitter as if he might attack me at any moment.
I do remember this guy being pretty nasty in our former life, but did his
eyes always seem this dangerous?
“Shunsuke Yamada.”

--- PAGE 54 ---
“And I’m Kanata Ooshima. Long time no see.”
After I answer, Katia steps forward deliberately to introduce herself.
“Huh? Ooshima?”
“Yes, that’s right. I’m Ooshima. Big surprise, right? Guess I got reborn as
a woman.”
Hasabe stares at Katia in shock.
From there, the conversation picks up, and Natsume looks away from me.
Thanks, Katia.
Natsume’s name may be Hugo Baint Renxandt now, but just like in our
previous lives, I want as little to do with him as possible.

