--- PAGE 100 ---
 MAGIC LESSON
Today’s class is magic practice.
After learning the fundamentals, we were permitted to take practical
lessons to actually use magic.
“We will now distribute staffs for magic training. For safety’s sake, we’ve
chosen water-magic-imbued staffs for today.”
Our instructor, Professor Oriza, speaks in a slightly disinterested voice as
he hands out staffs.
The students scramble to be the first to receive them.
“You all have Magic Power Perception and Magic Power Operation,
correct? Because students without those skills can’t take this lesson. If
anyone doesn’t have them, please come forward now.”
All the students in the class have Magic Power Perception and Magic
Power Operation, of course.
In fact, Professor Oriza taught them to us himself last time.
“Now, please concentrate your magic power.”
Obeying his instructions, I focus on gathering my magic.
“Once that is done, try to let it flow into your staff. Then the magic in the
staff will activate on its own.”
Huh? That’s it?
“These staffs are enchanted with the level-1 Water Magic spell Water
Ball. It is a simple spell that projects spheres of water, but please be sure not
to point it at anyone. There are targets for that purpose.”
Professor Oriza points at an area where several targets have been set up.
Without further ado, the students begin casting magic.
Most of them don’t have enough magic power, or their spells are
incompletely formed, or some other issue occurs, and their spells dissipate

--- PAGE 101 ---
before reaching the target.
“You can use as much magic as you’d like during this period. If you use it
enough, you may even gain the Water Magic skill. However, please do pay
attention to the amount of magic power you have remaining and stop as soon
as it reaches a dangerous level. Otherwise, don’t come crying to me if you
overdo it and pass out.”
How irresponsible.
But I guess there are probably people who collapse every year.
A lot of the students are using magic for the first time, and some of them
are extremely excited about it.
It’s no surprise that one or two might get too hyped up and push past their
limits.
“Water Magic, huh? I would’ve preferred Earth Magic, myself.”
Fei complains from her position on my shoulder.
Fei is an earth wyrm, so she probably has a higher aptitude for Earth
Magic than Water.
I know my own aptitudes, too, having seen them during the Appraisal
ceremony.
Light Magic is the highest, followed by Water.
In that respect, you could say this lesson is worthwhile for me.
However, there are only a handful of Appraisal Stones in existence
powerful enough to show one’s compatibility with different attributes.
Instead, people who don’t have access to such high-quality items use
enchanted tools to invoke magic and acquire skills that way, like we’re doing
now.
You can figure out whether you have a knack for that kind of magic based
on how quickly you acquire the skills.
However, that isn’t an option unless you have access to magic tools with
multiple attributes. In many cases, impoverished magic-user families only
have one kind of magic tool to their names.
In that situation, you’d have no choice but to use that attribute whether
you have an aptitude for it or not.
But at this school, there are magic tools with every kind of attribute, so no
such problem exists.
“I simply don’t have a knack for Water. On the contrary, I seem to be
inclined toward Fire.”

--- PAGE 102 ---
“That’s funny. I’m bad with Water and good at Fire, too.”
I overhear a conversation between Katia and Hugo.
Despite her claims, Katia’s conjured balls of water are striking the targets
perfectly.
Considering that most of the students haven’t even gotten their spells to
reach their marks yet, I’d say that solid strikes are pretty good already.
Looking around, the only people I’ve seen successfully hit are Katia,
Hugo, and Yuri, formerly Hasebe.
Yuri is focusing intently on blasting water balls at the targets.
I have to wonder if it’s safe to shoot that much, but I suspect that even if I
speak to Yuri now, she won’t hear me.
She’s probably planning to stick with it until she gets the skill, even if her
MP runs out.
By the way, Ms. Oka isn’t around.
She shows for class or doesn’t as she pleases.
And she won’t tell us what she’s doing when she isn’t around.
Anyway, I feel like Sue would be able to do it if she tried, but she’s just
hanging out behind me, making no attempt to use magic at all.
“Sue, don’t you want to practice?”
“Oh, I mustn’t go ahead of my older brother. Instead, I shall wait until you
demonstrate your incredible magical prowess, then sneak in my own practice
while everyone fawns over you admiringly.”
Hoo, boy. Way to raise the bar.
I did always want to be an older brother who my sister could be proud of,
but lately, that’s translated into a crazy amount of pressure.
In the meantime, some of the students have run out of magic power and
started taking breaks.
That means that some targets have opened up, so I guess I’ll try, too.
Now that I think about it, this will be my first time experimenting with
magic.
Until now, Anna always stopped me from practicing anything but
controlling magical power, so I’ve never actually used it.
Now I’m getting a little excited.
Though at the same time, the pressure from my sister makes me a little
nervous.
“Hmph, I don’t see the point of practicing magic I know I’m gonna suck

--- PAGE 103 ---
at.” As if to deflate my excitement, Hugo tosses away his staff. “It’s way
more efficient to improve what you’re already good at than practice on your
weaknesses.”
Hugo gathers his magical power. What’s he planning?
The next moment, he casts. Without a staff.
The result is a fire spell. So he already had Fire Magic as a skill?!
The flames engulf the entire row of targets.
What incredible destructive power.
For the students who couldn’t even reach the targets, this must be a clear
display of how strong he is.
In fact, it was perfect timing for showing off. Hugo must have realized
that and pulled his stunt on purpose as a demonstration of his ability.
Still, this is way too much!
Flames swirl around the spot where the targets once stood.
If no one does anything, the fire might spread and engulf the entire class.
I pour all my magical power into the staff in my hand and unleash it
toward the flames.
The staff absorbs my magic, activates the Water Magic spell enchanted
into it, and launches a water ball.
The projectile lands directly in the flames and bursts open with a huge
splash.
…Pretty impressive, if I do say so myself.
The water ball created by my magic power was massive. Enough to make
a column of water when it exploded.
The flames are completely swallowed by the resulting deluge and
disappear.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Acquired skill [Water Magic LV 1].>
I just gained the Water Magic skill.
Maybe my extremely high aptitude is why I was able to get it with a
single spell.
Or was it because the magnitude of that spell was so large? Or a little bit
of both, I suppose.
“That’s my elder brother for you! Who else could cancel a level-5 Fire
Magic spell with level-1 Water Magic?”

--- PAGE 104 ---
As if to pull me back to reality, Sue praises me in a particularly loud
voice.
So that was level-5 Fire Magic?
Wait, Sue, you’re doing this on purpose, aren’t you? You usually don’t
speak so loudly.
Sure enough, Hugo glares at me for stealing his thunder.
Before he can do anything, however, Professor Oriza suddenly looms up
behind him.
“May I have a word, Hugo?”
“What? Why should I have to talk to you?”
“Just come with me for a moment, please.”
Professor Oriza more or less drags Hugo away, leaving behind only the
charred remains of the targets and the group of very confused students.
“Yikes, Natsume’s lame.”
Fei’s murmur echoes in my ear.
At the edge of my vision, I see Katia reining in the noisy students. Thanks
as usual, Katia!
This is the day Hugo begins regarding me as his enemy.

