--- PAGE 123 ---
 FEI’S TRAINING DIARY
We have to raise Fei’s level soon. Because she’s a fledgling earth dragon.
Since she’s a kind of monster, if she doesn’t evolve by leveling up, she’ll
die before reaching adulthood.
In order to grow, she has to defeat monsters and level up.
She’s reached the point where her life is in jeopardy if she doesn’t evolve
soon.
Unfortunately, I’m not allowed to leave the academy.
So instead, I talked to my maid, Anna, and asked her to help raise Fei’s
level.
“Very well. We shall return.”
Anna leaves the school grounds with Fei in her arms.
There are several men accompanying her who seem to be soldiers, but
since Anna is a half elf, she’s not as young as she looks.
She’s among the most talented magic users in the entire kingdom.
I’m sure she’ll be able to help Fei grow and come back safely.
By the way, Anna doesn’t know Fei is a reincarnation.
As far as I know, she just thinks of her as a somewhat clever baby earth
dragon.
The only people who know the truth are me and the other reincarnations.
I haven’t even told Sue about it.
I always thought she was pretty close to Hugo in the past, but when I
asked her, she just said, “Natsume? Did anybody actually like him?”
So I guess I was wrong about their relationship.
Hugo burst out laughing when he saw what Fei looked like, too, so they
might’ve actually been pretty incompatible from the start.

--- PAGE 124 ---
Within a few days, Fei evolved without a problem and returned.
Leveling up means fighting monsters.
Considering this, I had been a little worried since it seems dangerous, but
apparently, my concern was unfounded.
Which is good and all, but the real problem is how Fei looked when she
got back.
“You got a lot bigger, huh?”
“It’s called a growth spurt, duh.”
Fei’s body has gotten quite a bit larger.
Initially, she’d been about the size of a chameleon, able to ride on my
head or shoulder without a problem, but now her body is about three feet
long.
If you include the length of her tail, she might even be almost as long as I
am tall.
She went from being the size of my hand to the size of a large dog.
“This is still small for a dragon, you know. Once I evolve again, I’ll get even larger.”
“You probably won’t be able to go indoors anymore when that happens,
then.”
She’s able to live in my dorm room with me for now, but if she gets any
bigger, she may not fit.
“That is a bit of an issue…”
She might’ve been reincarnated as a monster, but she was still originally a
high school girl from Japan.
It’s no surprise that she wouldn’t want to sleep outside like other
monsters.
“Well, now that I’ve evolved once, my life expectancy should be significantly longer. No need to
worry just yet.”
If she says so, I guess that’s fine.
Hopefully, she’s not just saying it to avoid getting kicked out of my room.
I also got her permission to Appraise her and see how her stats have
grown after evolving.
Turns out she’s stronger than me now.
“Well, monsters’ stats grow a lot more rapidly than humans’ do.”
I mean, sure, but still—isn’t this an awfully drastic departure from her
stats prior to evolving?
“What’s the big deal? Your stats are pretty broken for a human as it is. I risked my life for this, you

--- PAGE 125 ---
know! I don’t see why I shouldn’t be allowed to get a little stronger as a reward. Not that it feels like
much of a prize for me anyway.”
“Oh, right. Girls don’t care about being strong anyway, huh?”
“This one certainly doesn’t. I don’t have much of a choice but to get stronger, but don’t think for a
second that I enjoy fighting for my life. Besides, you saw my skills, didn’t you? Overeating…”
I know all about it. Overeating is a skill that saves extra SP based on how
much you eat.
If a human being gets the Overeating skill, they’ll still gain weight for the
extra food they consume, but for whatever reason, this doesn’t apply to
monsters.
“Since I have that stupid skill, that Anna keeps feeding me monster meat. She has some ridiculous
idea that eating the flesh of strong monsters will make your stats go up more easily. Isn’t that just
awful?”
Yikes. I’ll pass on that, thanks.
Monster meat… I guess it depends on what kind, but on the whole, I
wouldn’t want to eat it at all.
“I’ll definitely make that maid pay for this someday! She shoved that monster meat down my
throat even though I clearly didn’t want it! Disgusting!”
I, uh…my condolences.
Still, when I think about it, monsters have awfully high stats.
Mine were higher than hers before she evolved, but Fei’s have definitely
surpassed mine now.
She’s averaging around 700 in each stat at the moment.
As far as I know, only a handful of supremely accomplished humans have
obtained that.
And Fei is still a lesser dragon, too.
If she keeps evolving like this, those numbers may even exceed 1,000.
In terms of stats alone, she could even catch up to my brother Julius, the
hero.
On top of that, even though her skills are still developing, they’re already
quite strong.
The main reason humans are able to fight monsters whose stats outrank
theirs is that our skills give us an advantage.
Monsters don’t generally train their skills, after all.
An ordinary monster usually only has a small amount of skills to boot, but
that doesn’t apply to Fei.

--- PAGE 126 ---
It’s like she has the advantages of both a monster and a human.
If all the monsters in the world were like Fei, humans and demons would
probably be extinct by now.
I mean, she was born much later than I was, and she’s already this strong.
Not to mention, this is all the result of training hard for just a few days.
If she had been born earlier than me and spent more time leveling up…
For example, if she had hatched in the Great Elroe Labyrinth where she
was originally found and had been fighting to survive in there all this time, I
doubt anybody could have defeated her.
That, or if there was another monster with the intelligence of a human in
similar circumstances…
Well, I guess there’s no use worrying about a hypothetical like that. I
doubt there are any other exceptional cases like Fei.

