--- PAGE 17 (PDF index) ---
The time has come at last!
Yes, it’s finally time to show off the tactical command center I made all
by myself!
“Uh, White…what the hell is this?”
The Demon Lord looks shocked all right.
Balto follows her in and scans the room with an equally dumbfounded
expression.
Heh-heh-heh.
Whaddaya think? Caught you by surprise, didn’t I?!
Check out the wall of monitors I set up.
Each one displays a live feed of the various fortresses where our armies
have been dispatched.
How is that possible, you ask?
By using my mini-mes, of course!
I sent my tiny palm-size spider clones to every single fortress.
That’s right—my clones are essentially serving as super-high-tech self-
propelling cameras!
And everything they see gets displayed right here on a monitor in my
tactical command center.
It can even pick up sounds and voices.
Which means the Demon Lord can get up-to-the-minute info from the
battlefield, even when she’s all the way over here!
This world has skills and stuff, but they haven’t developed
communication technology comparable to what you can find on modern-day
Earth, so this tactical command center will totally revolutionize the
battlefield!
Ahhh, it’s so scary.
The depths of my genius are so infinite, they scare even me!
3
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 18 (PDF index) ---
“Okay, uh, cool. I guess I shouldn’t think too deeply about it.”
The Demon Lord sits down in the commander’s seat in the center of the
room.
…Um, I feel like you could stand to react a teensy bit more dramatically
here.
Like, stammering B-but how?! or something.
Even Balto’s giving me more of a reaction. He’s still frozen in the
doorway.
“Balto,” the Demon Lord calls to him. “How long do you plan to space
out over there?”
“I-I’m terribly sorry!”
At that, Balto quickly returns to his senses and hurries into the room.
Still, his eyes keep darting around the room, so he clearly hasn’t gotten
over his shock.
See, this is what I’m talking about!
That’s the kind of reaction I was hoping for from the Demon Lord!
Why’s she just casually accepting it like it’s no big deal?!
“…If we react to every little thing White does, we’ll never get anywhere,
got it?”
“…Of course.”
Balto finally manages to collect himself after hearing the Demon Lord’s
extremely heartfelt warning.
…Well, that definitely doesn’t make me feel like my efforts have been
totally blown off or anything.
Nope. All good here.
Got that? Cool.
“All righty. I guess I’ll just chill out in here and watch everybody work
their butts off, then.”
The Demon Lord smiles faintly as she scans the monitors.
On each of the many screens, the battle is just about to begin.
4
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 19 (PDF index) ---
5
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 20 (PDF index) ---
A fight to determine the fates of demons and humans alike.
“All right, White. You’ve got this, yeah?”
I raise a hand in acknowledgment.
Then I use Teleport to leave the room.
Guess I’ve got my own work to do.
6
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 21 (PDF index) ---
7
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 22 (PDF index) ---
THE FORT OKUN BATTLE THE KEY POINTS!
Welcome to White Explains It All!
As you can see, the fort Boobs is supposed to attack is surrounded by mountains!
That’s right: mountains!
The dangers of mountains cannot be overstated!
Obviously, it’s common sense that whoever holds the high ground in a battle has the
advantage.
It’s easy to shoot arrows and stuff from a high place into a low place, but the reverse is
waaay harder, because now you’re fighting against gravity, too.
What’s worse is that foot soldiers have to push uphill to attack, so they’re bound to get
tired quickly.
Can you imagine huffing and puffing your way up a mountain, then having to fight the
moment you finally reach the top? That’s gotta suck.
Common wisdom says the attacker should outnumber the defender three to one for a
confident attack on a fortress, but when that fortress is nestled in the mountains, it gets about
a million times harder!
That’s why lots of castles and stuff on Earth are built in high places.
It’s definitely not just ’cause royalty prefers to look out from high places!
I’m pretty sure! Totally!
So how is Boobs planning to bring down a mountain citadel?!
We’re about to find out!
8
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com