--- PAGE 120 (PDF index) ---
So I was forced to go to some stupid school, and as if my days weren’t
stressful enough, I accidentally messed up the whole academy with this
Charmed power I didn’t even know I was using, and now I’m being punished
for it with this bizarre curse.
It doesn’t make a lick of sense!
In the first place, I was already a high school student in my old life, so
sending me to school with a bunch of snot-nosed brats in my second life was
an awful thing to do.
I had to hang out with these annoying kids day after day, and I didn’t get
to see Merazophis at all.
Do you know how hard it was not to go crazy from the stress?
And after a few years of enduring everything, you’re going to randomly
throw a curse on me as “punishment”?
Is that horrible or what?!
Worst part is that I can’t even fight it, because that’s just how the curse
works.
Look, I did think it was a little strange when those stupid boys all started
worshipping me out of the blue, all right?
But I sort of assumed it was puberty or whatever.
How was I supposed to know I was unconsciously applying a Charmed
effect on everyone?
To be fair, I probably should’ve suspected something was up when Mr.
Goody Two-shoes and the other boys teamed up to chase Ms. Class Rep
away. That was weird.
Turns out that was also because of Charmed…
Oh, incidentally, Mr. Goody Two-shoes’s real name is Wald, and Ms.
Class Rep is Phelmina.
Wald really does have a nasty personality that he hides under a friendly
106
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 121 (PDF index) ---
demeanor, and Phelmina is ridiculously prim and proper, so that’s what I’ve
been calling them in my head.
Phelmina was always lecturing me, so I did feel a bit smug when Wald
chased her out of school, but the tables turned when Master cast this stupid
curse on me right after finding out what happened.
Well, I suppose I do feel a bit sorry for what happened to Phelmina.
She might be a total nag, but what she’s saying is usually right.
She definitely didn’t actually do anything to deserve being driven out of
school by those boys who worshipped me.
It’s not like I told them to do it, and I certainly didn’t help, but I do feel a
tad responsible, all right?
That still doesn’t justify me getting cursed at all, but I even got scolded by
Merazophis afterward…
“Young Miss, what would your parents think if they saw you the way you
are right now?”
I’ve never seen him look at me so sternly.
“Young Miss, I have no doubt that simply following your vampire
instincts and doing as you please must be satisfying. No one will turn against
you, nor can they disobey you. After all, you yourself made them that way.
Did it feel like a dream? Or did you perhaps think it really was a dream, with
no real-life consequences?”
Even if I didn’t mean to, it’s true that I did use that Charmed power.
And it seems that due to changes in my body via secondary sexual
characteristics, I unconsciously targeted men, who I, as a vampire,
instinctively see as prey.
“Your parents had only one request for me: to take care of you, Young
Miss. That is my sole mission in life.”
Those words show just how deeply Merazophis still cares about my
parents.
“They entrusted me with your safety. I will protect you until I die. I shall
never forsake you. And if you make a mistake, I will tell you so. I will raise
my hand as many times as it takes to keep you on the right path.”
With that, he slapped me lightly on the cheek with his palm.
“I will watch over you to ensure that you live a life that your mother and
father would be proud of, Young Miss. If you do wrong, I will use this hand
again if I must. But please, do not ever make me do so again.”
107
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 122 (PDF index) ---
That’s just not fair.
How can I do anything but obey when he says things like that with tears in
his eyes?
Ever since then, I’ve been on my best behavior.
And yet!
“Grrrgh!”
Here I am, being forced to my knees.
Master?
Don’t you think you’re using this curse just a teensy bit too often?
Unlike Merazophis, you’re just punishing me for every little thing you can
think of, aren’t you?!
It would be one thing if you only used it to discipline me when I’ve done
something wrong.
But is it just me, or are you using it whenever you’re in a bad mood and
feel like taking it out on someone?!
“Pfft.”
As my forehead presses into the ground, I hear someone snort out a laugh.
PhelminaaaAAAAAA!
Look, I get why you hate me for messing up your whole life, all right?!
But do you really need to laugh at me whenever I’m forced to kneel like
this?!
Yes, I do feel a tiny bit responsible for what happened, and maybe even
guilty.
But I definitely still despise this girl.
108
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 123 (PDF index) ---
109
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 124 (PDF index) ---
110
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 125 (PDF index) ---
WRATH’S BATTLE THE KEY POINTS!
Welcome back to White Explains It All!
As you can see, the fort Wrath’s going to attack is surrounded by mountains.
Basically, it’s a fort built in a basin.
The fort’s not actually on elevated terrain like the one Boobs attacked, so in that sense it
might be easier to attack than that one.
But since it’s still surrounded on all sides by mountains, the only option is to attack it
head-on.
The folks in the fort can see the enemy coming no matter how they approach, making it
easy for them to plan and mount a counterattack.
With no room for any schemes or clever tactics, the only option the attackers have is to
force their way in right through the front door with brute strength!
Sounds like a good old-fashioned brawl to me!
…Except, there’s just one little problem.
The person who’s attacking is Wrath.
Can you really see him just obediently setting up siege works and stuff?
If anything, he could probably bring down the whole fort by himself, don’t you think?
It won’t be a siege so much as a demolition.
…Yeah, probably best to just let him take care of everything!
111
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com