--- PAGE 195 (PDF index) ---
Please answer!
With a silent prayer, I hold the magic tool called a “smartphone” to my
ear.
This small, slate-shaped magic tool is a communication device the Demon
Lord gave to each commander.
It allows you to talk to someone with Telepathy from much farther away
than any normal magic tool, or so I’m told.
And right now, I’m using it to try to call my younger brother, Bloe.
Yes, it’s partly because the Demon Lord ordered me to do so, but most of
all, it’s out of concern for his safety.
Trying to keep my fraying emotions in check, I remember the
conversation with the Demon Lord and Lady White from just moments ago.
All eyes were on the image displayed by one of the “monitors.”
It showed the battle at Fort Kusorion and Bloe’s imminent defeat.
“Well, that’s no good.”
The Demon Lord’s detached observation pierced my chest.
Bloe was fighting the hero, and it was clear at a glance that he was losing.
Anyone could tell that his defeat was simply a matter of time.
And that defeat would undoubtedly mean his death.
The thought made my heart hammer in my chest in alarm.
“Oh? Good timing, White.”
I didn’t notice right away due to my distress, but White had teleported
back into the room.
“Kinda looks like Bloe’s gonna die at this rate,” the Demon Lord
remarked to her lightly.
To me, the death of my younger brother would be a crippling blow.
But it was clear from the Demon Lord’s tone that his death would mean
181
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 196 (PDF index) ---
little to her.
I wondered if there was any way to turn the tables, but watching the
battlefield from afar, there was nothing I could do.
Nearby, Sir Agner was locked in battle with the hero’s comrades, so it
was doubtful that he would be able to rush to Bloe’s aide.
“Hrmmm. I thought Agner would be able to hold his own against the hero,
but maybe I was giving him too much credit?”
“Agner’s fighting hard. The hero’s party is just really strong.”
For a moment, I couldn’t tell who had spoken.
Only belatedly did I realize that Lady White had spoken on Sir Agner’s
behalf.
“Wha—? …Whoa, I thought I was hearing things. White, did you just
speak up for Agner or what?”
The Demon Lord seemed just as startled as I was.
Lady White hardly ever opens her mouth, so of course it was a surprise.
On the rare occasion she does speak, it’s usually to utter a single word,
certainly never a sentence or two like the ones she just clearly stated.
I’d never even heard her speak for so long.
At the Demon Lord’s inquiry, White fell silent again.
“Huh. So that’s what you’re into, huh? The fatherly type?”
The Demon Lord’s expression looked conflicted.
White quickly shook her head, her hair whipping around violently.
Evidently, that was not what she’d meant.
“I know, I know. It was just a joke.”
The Demon Lord grinned innocently.
In that moment, she looked like nothing more than a little girl teasing her
friend.
You would never imagine that she’s a demon lord intent on bringing
about the destruction of the demon race.
But the smile quickly vanished, her eyes narrowing.
Following her gaze, I immediately noticed that Bloe has been brought to
his knees by the hero, on the brink of his own demise.
“Bloe?!”
I cried out before I could stop myself.
But instead of taking Bloe’s life right away, the hero was talking to him.
“Well, I guess I’ll go bring down the Demon Lord, then.”
182
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 197 (PDF index) ---
“…Huh?”
“If the Demon Lord is the cause of the war, then all I have to do is defeat
her. Besides…it’s the hero’s duty to defeat the Demon Lord, isn’t it?”
The hero’s voice rang out from the monitor.
“Wow. Say it to my face, why don’cha?”
On hearing this, the Demon Lord allowed a wicked smirk to spread across
her face.
“Let’s move on to the next phase of the plan, then.”
There was no mercy in her eyes, just the look of a coolheaded destroyer.
As soon as the Demon Lord gave the order, Lady White disappeared via
Teleport, and a queen taratect materialized right next to Fort Kusorion.
“Welcome back… Hmm? Where are Agner and Bloe?”
Lady White teleported back in, and the Demon Lord looked at her
quizzically.
She had returned alone.
Even though their conversation beforehand had indicated that White was
going to retrieve Sir Agner and Bloe.
White simply shook her head.
The monitor showed the hero fighting the queen taratect, so there was no
way to tell where Bloe and Agner were or if they were safe.
Once again, my mind filled with dread.
“Huh? What, are they dead?”
In response to the Demon Lord’s question, Lady White shook her head
again.
I wished they wouldn’t do things like that.
It was a relief to know he was safe, but that exchange was bad for my
heart.
“Hrm? What’s up, then?”
“Agner’s still fighting.”
First, White reported on Sir Agner’s situation, although her “report” was
only those three words.
I didn’t know the details, but I suppose that meant Sir Agner was still in
the heat of battle, so she wasn’t able to retrieve him.
“And Bloe?”
183
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 198 (PDF index) ---
“Evacuating soldiers.”
“Aaaah. I bet he told you he’d stay behind to make sure his troops get out
safely, huh?”
A nod.
That is exactly the sort of thing Bloe would say, but as his older brother, I
wished he had just escaped with Lady White.
“Uh…hoo boy, really? If those two get killed in this mess, what was the
point of tagging in the queen taratect in the first place?”
The Demon Lord furrowed her brow in consternation.
…What exactly did she mean by that?
If I took those words at face value, it almost sounded like she had the
queen taratect sent in for the sole purpose of rescuing Sir Agner and Bloe.
But would the Demon Lord really do such a thing?
Surely not.
“Hey, Balto.”
My thoughts were interrupted by someone calling my name.
“Yes?”
I carefully maintained a calm expression as I responded.
“Would you mind giving Bloe a little call?”
Which brings us to the present.
With a legendary-class monster like the queen taratect on the loose, Bloe
could be killed at any moment.
It’s a race against time.
If he doesn’t answer this call, then he might already be…
Staving off the rest of that thought, I focus on praying that Bloe will pick
up.
“Uh, is this thing on?”
“Bloe!”
My prayers are answered—I hear Bloe’s voice.
“Big brother?!”
“Yes, it’s me! Bloe, are you all right?!”
“Yeah, somehow.”
He sounds better than I expected; I breathe a sigh of relief.
If he can talk like this, that means he’s not in the middle of a fight and
184
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 199 (PDF index) ---
certainly hasn’t already been caught in the crossfire and killed.
Then I need to tell him right away.
“Bloe, Lady White is coming back for you. Leave your soldiers and return
with her.”
“Hunh?!” Bloe snaps, sounding infuriated. “You’re really tellin’ me to
just ditch my people and get out of here?”
“That’s right.”
In spite of his rage, I can’t budge on this point.
My one and only little brother’s life is at stake.
“Sorry, brother. I’m not gonna do that, even if it’s on your order.”
“…I thought you might say that.”
Bloe’s always been this way.
He shows his compassion at the strangest times.
That’s why his subordinates respect him so much, but there’s a time and a
place for such things.
“Bloe. The Seventh Army soldiers are former rebels. You shouldn’t worry
about them.”
“Former, yeah? But they’re my soldiers now. That’s a more than good
enough reason to worry about them.”
Damn it! What about how I feel?!
“Even so! …Bloe, please. You’re far more important to me than any of
them…”
“Brother…”
My younger brother’s life means much more to me than any soldiers
whose faces and names I don’t even know.
Perhaps giving my relatives preferential treatment makes me a failure as a
leader, but those are my honest feelings.
“…I’m sorry.”
“…You really insist on staying there?”
We’re not so distant that I can’t figure out what Bloe is apologizing for.
I know exactly what he means, whether I want to or not.
In the end, Bloe can’t abandon his soldiers.
“Yeah.”
“I see. Then be careful not to get caught in the battle between the queen
taratect and the hero. And make sure you come back alive.”
No amount of persuasion on my part will change Bloe’s mind.
185
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 200 (PDF index) ---
All I can do now is pray for his safety.
“Got it, brother.”
“The hero’s going to be killed by the queen taratect, I’m sure. Don’t do
anything as embarrassing as stumbling into the middle of that mess and
getting yourself killed, all right?”
I try to keep my tone jocular.
“…Listen, brother.”
And yet, Bloe’s voice sounds strangely serious.
“What is it?”
“You seem pretty damn sure that the hero’s gonna lose to that thing,
huh?”
“Hmm? Well, of course.” I have no idea what Bloe is doubtful about.
“The queen taratect is the strongest monster among Her Majesty’s spawn.
Surely, even the hero cannot defeat it.”
“It’s…what?”
Bloe exhales in disbelief.
“Bloe? What’s wrong?”
“…Her spawn?”
“Ah…ah, I see. So you didn’t know. Yes, the queen taratect was created
by the Demon Lord.”
I thought I had taught Bloe just how terrifying the Demon Lord is, but
evidently, I never mentioned that she rules over the entire monster race of
taratects.
That explains why Bloe seems so shocked.
“…Brother.”
“What is it?”
“…If it’s her spawn, does that mean the Demon Lord herself is even
stronger than the queen taratect?”
“Of course,” I respond instantly.
With skills like Creature Training, it is possible to control a monster
stronger than the user in certain cases.
But Kin Control is different.
In that case, the controller is always stronger than the spawn being
controlled.
The moment the kin becomes stronger than the controller, the effects of
Kin Control no longer apply, so it’s impossible that the Demon Lord’s kin
186
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 201 (PDF index) ---
could be stronger than her.
“…Ha! So that’s how it is!”
I can tell from the note of despair in Bloe’s voice that he finally
understands just how terrifying the Demon Lord is.
“You finally understand?”
“Yeah, unfortunately. Damn it all!”
Bloe roars in frustration.
“I’m glad to hear it.”
I really do mean that.
If he finally sees how strong the Demon Lord is, then perhaps his attitude
will improve a little.
“The hero said something about defeating the Demon Lord, but such a
thing is impossible. Her Majesty’s strength is far beyond comparison to even
the queen taratect.”
I doubt the hero will even be able to beat that giant monster.
Despite his bravado, he’ll die before he ever even reaches the Demon
Lord.
“…So there’s no choice but to obey the Demon Lord, huh?”
“That is our only option. Which is why we’re fighting now.”
This is the only path left to the demon race.
Everything, including the fate of the demon race, rests on this battle.
But right now, I’m more worried about Bloe than the entire demon race
combined.
“Bloe. Just make sure getting yourself back alive is your top priority.
Understood?”
“Yeah. I’ll give it my best shot.”
Something about that response fills me with anxiety.
“All right, I better get going.”
“Ah, wait! Bloe?! Bloe!”
I try calling out his name, but I don’t hear even a hint of Bloe’s voice in
response.
187
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com