--- PAGE 247 (PDF index) ---
AFTERWORD
It’s twelve o’clock. Noon.
No, wait, it’s Volume 12. That’s right.
Good afternoon, I’m Okina Baba.
Or good evening, for those of you joining us at twelve o’clock at night.
For some reason, the number twelve sort of evokes the sense of an ending.
There are twelve hours on a clock and twelve months in a year.
But have no fear!
This series isn’t over yet by any means!
I don’t know…I just felt like I should probably make that clear.
Especially since several stories came to an end in this volume.
I won’t say too much so I don’t spoil the story, but I wonder how you
readers felt about how they lived their lives?
How will those who survived carry on their will?
That’s the kind of volume this is.
Although I guess it’s not really a spoiler, since the outcome was already
mentioned in much earlier volumes!
In that way, I think this volume is the kind of story where you warmly
watch over their final moments even while knowing how it’s going to end.
Sniffle…
I hear there are some authors who cry while they’re writing, and I think I
sort of understand that feeling now.
I didn’t cry, though.
Huh? Come on, you should’ve cried?
Well, I can’t help it. I’m a heartless brute.
Would an author with a heart subject their protagonist to such a difficult
dungeon?
Ha-ha-ha.
Although I did almost cry about something else.
233
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 248 (PDF index) ---
Yep. I almost cried because I was too busy.
Why was I so busy, you ask?
Well, I’ll tell you right now!
Ta-daaa!
The So I’m a Spider, So What? anime will be airing in 2020!
Yaaaay! Clap-clap-clap-clap!
It’s been a long wait, I know.
But the anime’s finally been scheduled to air in 2020.
I’ve been hard at work on that, which is why I’ve been so busy.
But thanks to all that, we’ve come this far at last!
Woooo!
So the anime will start airing in 2020!
The release has been delayed quite a bit, but it’s finally happening.
Anyone who’s been waiting in the nude all this time has probably reached
enlightenment by now.
That’s how long I made you all wait.
But! Since you waited so patiently, we’re doing our best to make sure it
lives up to your expectations.
Wow…
The anime adaptation was first announced in 2018.
And theeen…
2019 ended, and now we’re in 2020.
But now, finally! Finally!
The time has come at last.
So feel free to keep your hopes up as you wait for more information about
the anime broadcast!
And! To go along with the anime release, we’re planning to publish a
collection of reference materials in So I’m a Spider, So What? EX!
Like any reference book, it’ll contain character profiles, as well as an
explanation of the Great Elroe Labyrinth and lots of other fun goodies.
It’ll also include some of the store-exclusive short stories from previous
releases and a few brand-new ones!
Please feel free to use it to brush up before you watch the anime.
234
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 249 (PDF index) ---
Phew, that was a lot of announcements.
2020 will definitely be the year of the spider!
Finally, let me say my usual thank-yous.
To Tsukasa Kiryu for the wonderful illustrations as always.
Really, thank you for all that you do!
And sorry for making so many characters!
I hardly ever describe the characters’ appearances in the text, so that job
always falls to Kiryu.
Even for the anime character designs, my contribution was basically just
saying, “If Kiryu likes them, then it’s fine with me.”
I really am sorry!
But! This heartless brute of an author plans to keep taking advantage of
your kindness for as long as I can!
Thank you as well to Asahiro Kakashi, who creates the manga adaptation.
The manga wound up being used as a reference for the anime, too!
Seeing that get incorporated really convinced me all over again that
Kakashi truly is amazing.
I’ll be depending on you lots more from now on, too!
Then there’s Gratinbird, who makes the spin-off manga.
This bizarre story is already surreal enough with a spider protagonist, and
now this artist is stuck with the work of turning four copies of the protagonist
into an even more surreal gag manga.
Whoever thought of this plan is seriously a genius.
And Gratinbird is equally a genius for pulling it off.
The manga is so funny, I can’t help laughing out loud, so please give it a
read.
Thank you to everyone who’s involved in the anime adaptation, too.
2020! It’s finally airing!
To my editor Ms. W and everyone else who helped put this book out into
the world.
And to all of you who have picked up this book.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
235
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 250 (PDF index) ---
236
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 251 (PDF index) ---
237
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com