 A NEW JOURNEY BEGINS
In the distance, the town is blazing brightly.
Two pairs of eyes gaze at the flames.
They belong to Mera and the baby bloodsucker in his arms.
The baby watches the town where she was born and raised burning to the
ground.
Mera, too, swore his loyalty to the baby bloodsucker’s parents.
I have no way of knowing what the two of them are thinking as they
watch the town burn.
But I figure I’ll let them keep looking for as long as they need.
The Demon Lord is standing around nearby.
My longtime enemy, with whom I’ve chosen to join forces.
“So? Gonna answer me or what?”
The Demon Lord smiled cheerfully.
But her eyes weren’t mirthful in the least.
I didn’t know what would happen to me if I said no.
The Demon Lord thinks of me as some deathless monstrosity, but it’s not
like I can really keep resurrecting myself indefinitely.
Not that she needs to know this, but I’m not actually sure if my egg
revival technique would work right now.
My eggs have all hatched, so all those little babies are wandering around
with their own free will now.
Can I basically hijack one of those babies back to revive myself in its
body?
I’m not sure. If anything, I feel like I probably can’t.
It’s likely it worked originally only because the baby hadn’t been hatched

--- PAGE BREAK ---

yet, so it didn’t have a mind or self of its own established at all.
Which meant if the Demon Lord killed me, I might not have been able to
come back.
What if I had to fight her, then?
I’d lose, that’s what.
Meaning that route was a dead end.
Ah-ha-ha…ha…ha.
I literally couldn’t say no!
But if you really thought about it, it wasn’t actually such a bad idea, right?
The Demon Lord can keep an eye on me, her mysteriously unkillable
enemy.
And I can use the Demon Lord as a bodyguard.
We each think of the other as a serious threat, so it’s more beneficial to
both of us if we join forces instead of fighting each other.
On top of that, the Demon Lord thinks I’m completely immortal.
Hopefully, that means she wouldn’t risk breaking our truce by trying to
attack me again.
In other words, the Demon Lord isn’t going to betray me.
Even though I could very well betray her!
Is it just me, or does this treaty work out in my favor?
Especially considering the way she phrased it. “Join forces.”
I don’t like the idea of working under someone else, but if we’re joining
forces, that means we’re on equal footing.
I won’t have to worry about the Demon Lord being my worst enemy
anymore.
She won’t have to keep trying to fight an inscrutable opponent.
And we’ll each gain the other as a powerful, dependable ally.
Is this a win-win situation or what?
In the worst-case scenario, if it doesn’t work out, I can always just use the
Demon Lord until I figure out a way to beat her, at which point I can betray
her.
On the other hand, she’s not likely to betray me, since she thinks I’m
immortal, so I don’t have to worry about that.
It’s certainly more logical than refusing her offer, going back to being
enemies, and living my life on the run.
After making all these calculations in a matter of seconds, I silently took

--- PAGE BREAK ---

the Demon Lord’s hand.
After that, Mera went to confirm the fate of his master and mistress.
The lord and his wife had already been killed by the time I came charging
onto the scene.
Potimas murdered them.
Mera probably suspected that, but I think he wanted to confirm it with his
own eyes.
Otherwise, he might not have been able to or wanted to believe it.
He hugged the baby bloodsucker to his chest but shielded her gaze as he
looked at the bodies of his master and mistress.
Of course, Mera doesn’t know that the baby bloodsucker is a
reincarnation and already has a fully developed consciousness.
But the fact that he would make sure to keep a child from seeing the
remains of her brutally murdered parents still speaks volumes for his
character.
As does the way that his normally serious face crumpled as he openly
wept.
Unfortunately, we couldn’t dwell on this spot for too long.
Because the Ohts army was closing in on the mansion from all sides.
The Demon Lord and I could easily wipe out one measly army of humans
without breaking a sweat.
But we weren’t going to do that.
There wouldn’t be any point.
The lord and lady of the house were dead, and the town was virtually
destroyed.
Even if we slaughtered their army now, it would be too late.
Lashing out at them anyway would only be pointless violence.
Since the Demon Lord and I don’t have deep connections to this town, it
wouldn’t even be revenge.
The people of the town might want to get revenge on Ohts, but to me, it
seemed somehow wrong for us to do that for them.
Instead, we decided to withdraw.
Finally, Mera pulls his eyes away from the burning town.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“You finished?”
“Yes.”
There’s a tremble in his voice as he answers the Demon Lord.
But behind it, I think I sense a will that can’t be broken.
“Please accept my gratitude for your assistance, belated though it may
be.”
Mera bows his head politely to the Demon Lord and me.
But when he looks up again, there’s a bit of suspicion in his eyes.
“I apologize for asking such a rude question after you’ve just saved our
lives, but might I inquire as to who you are?”
Well, yeah.
We might’ve saved his life, but I’m still a half-human, half-spider
arachne.
And based on her entrance, the Demon Lord might be even weirder.
Magical Demon Lord? Come on…
Talk about sketchy.
You can’t blame the guy for having his doubts.
“I am the one and only Demon Lord, Ariel, in the flesh. And this is the
spider monster you guys were praising as the Divine Beast until recently—or
her evolved form anyway.”
“The Divine Beast?!” Mera looks at me in surprise.
Uh, so you’re just gonna ignore the part about her being a demon lord?
“Hmph. Come on, I’m the Demon Lord here. Can’t I get a little respect?”
The Demon Lord puffs her cheeks irritably.
Weirdly childish but also pretty cute.
“Maybe I should make myself a little clearer, then.”
The Demon Lord’s frightening aura suddenly intensifies.
She must have turned an Intimidation-like skill from off to on.
It doesn’t really work on me much, but the overall effect is definitely
dramatic.
Mera’s entire body breaks into a sweat.
His expression is frozen with fear.
As a little bonus, I can sense all the living creatures around us
simultaneously running away.
“I am a genuine, bona fide demon lord. Demon Lord Ariel is my name.
Nice to meet you.”

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Geez. When she stops acting like such a weirdo, she really is a terrifying
demon lord.
I’m sure Mera is crystal clear on this fact now, as well.
I doubt there are many others out there who can produce such an
intimidating aura.
“Demon Lord… But…why?”
He probably wants to run away screaming right now, but instead Mera
stays rooted to the spot, holding the baby bloodsucker protectively.
On top of that, he even asks a question, though his voice cracked while he
did.
This guy’s got guts.
“Well, it’s a long story, but basically…”
Then the Demon Lord explains our history.
She tells Mera how she and I were enemies until recently, and that while
she was chasing me down, she saw that her longtime enemy Potimas was
here and decided to intervene.
“He’s the biggest piece of shit in the entire world, see. If I find him, I
gotta crush him. But the thing earlier was basically a puppet that he was
controlling from afar, so those’ll probably keep coming back no matter how
many times I break ’em.”
An awful thing like that will keep coming back?
Scary.
“So really, it was just a coincidence that I ended up helping you. I didn’t
set out to save your butts or anything. This one probably did, though,” she
adds, looking at me pointedly.
Noticing this, Mera looks in my direction, too.
Ugggh.
Do I really have to talk now?
I don’t think I’d do a very good job explaining things…
“Right. So basically, I’m guessing she helped you because she comes
from the same place as that baby you’ve got there. Right?”
As I remain silent, the Demon Lord decides to speak for me.
I guess that’s nice, although I’m not sure I appreciate her talking about my
business like that.
“The same place?”
“Yep, that’s right. Okay, question time. What’s your name, little missy?”

--- PAGE BREAK ---

The Demon Lord grins broadly as she peers at the baby bloodsucker’s
face.
“Lady Ariel, the young miss cannot speak yet.”
“Ohhh, gotcha, gotcha. Can’t move your little mouth properly yet, huh?
How about I hook you up with some Telepathy, then?”
“I do not believe that is the problem…”
“Sure it is. ’Cause this kid is a reincarnation from another world, just like
our spider friend here.”
The demon casually reveals the baby bloodsucker’s and my big secret.
“Reincarnation?”
Mera furrows his brow. He’s probably not too familiar with the concept.
“See, a certain dumbass from this world did some stupid crap and ended
up causing trouble for another world.”
“Pardon?”
“Just listen. Basically, a bunch of kids from that world ended up dying
because of this world’s problems. And the god felt bad about that, so he
grabbed the souls of those kids who died and popped them into this world to
be reborn as babies. In other words, reincarnations.”
“Uh-huh…”
Mera’s expression says clearly that he has no idea what the Demon Lord
is talking about.
Well, yeah. You can’t just drop a crazy story on someone like that.
“These reincarnations are born with their memories from their previous
lives. And they got a nice little bonus from that god, too. I’m not sure if that’s
why, but I’m pretty sure the guys who attacked you lot are after the
reincarnations, by the way.”
Hmm?
Wait, really?
Does that mean that Potimas elf guy is targeting reincarnations?
“Forgive me, but what does this story have to do with…?”
“Hrmm? Wow, you’re slow on the uptake. I’m saying that baby there is
one of these reincarnations.”
“Eh?!”
“Isn’t that right, Sophia? So? What was your name in the other world,
huh?”
The baby bloodsucker looks visibly shaken by the Demon Lord’s

--- PAGE BREAK ---

questions.
“Shouko Negishi.”
Then, after a moment, she reveals her name through telepathy.
“Sweet, we got a name! So she really is a reincarnation, and a vampire,
too! Yeesh, talk about having problems. Anyway, Miss Spider over there is a
reincarnation, too, just like the baby. So I’m guessing she was keeping an eye
on her out of a sense of kinship, trying to protect her from all those problems.
Am I right?” She looks at me again.
Um. Hmm.
I guess I was kinda looking out for her, so she’s not wrong, per se?
Denying it would be a pain, so I just nod an affirmation.
“Well, now you’re all caught up on our whole situation. My turn to ask
questions. What are you guys gonna do now?”
Both Mera and the baby bloodsucker seem flummoxed by the Demon
Lord’s question.
Mera is probably still in shock over the revelation that his young vampiric
ward is actually a reincarnation, and I doubt he has any idea what to do next.
“If you ask me, you’ve got a couple of options here. First, you could just
go to another town in Sariella. Second, flee to a different country. Third,
show up in Ohts. Okay, that third one’s not a great option, but I honestly
wouldn’t recommend the first two, either.”
The Demon Lord carries on disinterestedly.
“You two are vampires now, not humans. Can you imagine how hard it’s
gonna be to get by in human society when most people think you’re some
creepy legend come to life?”
Instead of Mera, it’s the baby bloodsucker who turns pale at that.
“Merazophis, I’m sorry. I turned you into a vampire. It was the only thing
I could think to do at the time.”
The baby seems to feel guilty for turning Mera into a vampire, altering his
life forever.
But I don’t think she had much of a choice.
Turning him into a vampire to fight for both of them was the only way
they could’ve gotten out of that mess.
If I were in her place, I’m sure I would’ve sucked Mera’s blood to make
him into a vampire without a second thought.
“Please do not apologize. If anything, it is I who should do so.”

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“What? Why?”
“Because I could not protect you. I am terribly sorry.”
Mera bows his head to the baby bloodsucker in his arms.
“Besides, if you had not done what you did, I would have died. I cannot
be anything but grateful for that.”
“But you’re a vampire now. You can’t live as a human anymore…”
“That is all right. In fact, it may be for the best so that I might better
protect you.”
“Merazophis…you still want to protect me?”
“My master and mistress entrusted you to me, young miss. Thus, I shall
protect you for as long as I might live. Whether you are a vampire, a
reincarnation, or anything else, it makes no difference to me.”
“Merazophis…!”
At Mera’s bold declaration, the baby bloodsucker repeats his name as if
overwhelmed with emotion.
Mm-hmm. This is moving stuff.
Although I’m not sure if the Demon Lord needs to be bawling about it
next to me?
I mean, I know it was touching and all, but to the point of crying about it?
I don’t know. Maybe I’m just insensitive.
“Oh, this is too much! Just come with me, you two. I’ll take you under my
wing!”
Hoo, boy. Looks like they set her off somehow.
Well, I guess it’s fine.
I would’ve felt a little weird about rescuing them and then ditching ’em to
fend for themselves anyway.
“Pretty good deal, right? I mean, I’m the Demon Lord. Just so ya know,
there’s pretty much no one in this whole world who can beat me. You’d be
pretty lucky to have my protection, no? I mean, you probably realize this, but
those guys who attacked you were no ordinary thugs. But I can fend ’em off
easily. And in the demon territory I rule over, nobody’s gonna give you a
hard time for being a vampire. So you’ll be safe from the elves, and you can
live freely as vampires. It’s two birds with one stone! So whaddaya say?
Want to come to the demon territory with me?”
Mera and the baby bloodsucker exchange looks.
“I shall abide by whatever you choose, young miss.”

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“All right. Just let me think about it a little, please.”
“Sure, no prob! Take your time; think it over. How ’bout you travel with
me for a little trial period, though? You don’t wanna get attacked again right
away, I’m sure. Let’s head for the capital of Sariella, shall we? Once we get
there, you can make up your mind.”
With that declaration, the Demon Lord determines our next course of
action.
We’re traveling to the capital of Sariella.
There, the baby bloodsucker and Mera will decide whether they want to
stick with the Demon Lord.
And, uh, it kinda seems like I’m coming along, too?
I feel like I’ve just been going with the flow lately, but I guess that’s fine.
Whatever the baby vampire decides, I might as well see it through to the
end, considering that I’ve already come this far and all.
With the threat of the Demon Lord squared away, it’s not like I had any
immediate plans anyway.
Oh, but I would like to lay some eggs somewhere.
Gotta keep those backups around in case I need to use egg revival.
Come to think of it, what should I do about the Parallel Minds and all the
other babies I left in the Great Elroe Labyrinth?
Guess I’ll just leave them to it.
I’m sure they’re getting by just fine on their own.
I would live to regret making that choice.
I sorely underestimated just how estranged from me my Parallel Minds
had become.
And in the future, I would end up paying for it dearly.
“All right, you guys, let’s start our preparations. We’ve got lots of work to
do if we want to wipe out all of human- and demonkind!”
““““““““Yeah!””””””””
