 THE BATTLE OF THE ELF VILLAGE: BECAUSE
I’M THEIR TEACHER
I am a weak person.
The barrier covering the sky disappears in an instant.
This is the barrier that has protected the elf village for hundreds, maybe
even thousands of years.
All the elves except for me stare up at the sky, dumbfounded.
They must be in complete shock that the barrier they thought was
impenetrable is suddenly gone.
This is why I tried to warn them that the barrier might vanish.
“Everyone. Please prepare yourselves for battle. They’re coming.”
I use Wind Magic to help my voice reach the frozen elves.
Hearing me, they all seem to gasp collectively as the tension of the current
situation dawns upon them.
They must realize now that if the barrier is gone, the imperial army is
going to attack.
“The barrier is broken. However, the device itself that generates the
barrier is still intact. All we have to do is hold out until the barrier can be
restored.”
As the daughter of the chief, my voice is strongly respected by the elves.
Even now, they seem to be calming down little by little as they listen.
“Besides, this is our forest, essentially the garden of the elves. No human
troops can win against us, especially here. Let us show them how foolish they
are to challenge the elves in the middle of a forest.”
I make up some encouraging words to stir their fighting spirit.
To tell the truth, this situation is not so simple.
We do have the advantage of being on home ground, but the numbers are

--- PAGE BREAK ---

overwhelmingly in the enemy’s favor.
Besides, our opponents are demons and the experienced army of the
militant Renxandt Empire.
I know this will be a difficult battle.
The elves must have some understanding of that, too, but morale is very
important.
As the elves regain their composure and mentally prepare themselves for
battle, I’m relieved that, for the time being, they seem to have overcome the
shock of the barrier breaking.
Although, to be honest, I have no idea whether the barrier will actually be
restored.
I do have concerns that the barrier might be irreparably broken.
And I know all too well that there is a high likelihood that I am right.
Because of my unique skill.
Student Roster.
I am most likely the only person in the world with this skill.
It records a general summary of my former students’ presents, pasts, and
futures in their reincarnated lives.
When I close my eyes, the roster rises from deep within my mind.
If I open the roster, I can see my students’ names listed in order of their
seat number, and when I focus on one name, I can read more information
about that person.
However, the information this skill provides is exceedingly simple.
The “past” is a record of the moment they were born.
It tells me where they came into this world.
However, that’s as far as the record goes.
The “present” summarizes the person’s current condition in one word.
Healthy, Sick, Fatigued, and so on.
It doesn’t reveal their current location.
And then there’s the “future.”
This part gives a rough estimation of when and how the student will die.
It uses a standard year of 365 days, with the day of my birth as the starting
point.
When I open the Student Roster to Kengo Natsume’s name, it states that
he will be killed in action in the elf forest.
Killed in action. In other words, in battle with someone.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Thanks to the scouts I’ve had watching him in secret, I know that he is
with the imperial army right now.
In other words, he was outside the barrier.
The fact that Hugo is fated to die in battle in the elf forest was a hint that
their forces would find a way past the barrier.
This was why I suspected all along that the barrier might be destroyed.
And that Hugo is likely to die here.
My body trembles.
When I remember the names of the four students who have disappeared
from the Student Roster, I tremble even more.
When a student dies, their name disappears from the roster.
Hugo’s name, Kengo Natsume, will most likely disappear soon, too.
And unlike the previous four students, his blood will be on my hands.
I thought I was prepared for that, but I still can’t stop shaking.
It takes everything I have just to hide this from the elves.
If they think I’m trembling in fear, the morale I raised will quickly
plummet.
Then we won’t be able to take on the imperial army.
How did it come to this?
I only wanted to save all my students.
In my previous life, I was a teacher.
Being a teacher was my dream from a very young age.
I always wanted to be the kind of teacher who could share a laugh with
her students.
And I spared no effort to make that happen.
That meant learning about anything that children of the current generation
would be interested in.
Games, manga, novels, the Internet…
I tried to develop an interest in anything I thought I might be able to talk
to them about.
I might have actually gotten addicted to those things…
Ultimately, I changed my manner of speech, invented a new persona, and
became the kind of strange, slightly pathetic teacher I thought would be
easiest to befriend.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

I may have gotten carried away with the “pathetic” part, but that’s all
right.
Still, I couldn’t help but wonder.
Was this really enough?
Was it really my dream to laugh with my students as a fake me?
But I was too afraid to show them my true self and shatter the image I had
worked so hard to build up.
In the end, I spent my days contenting myself with the situation I’d
created.
Then I was reincarnated into another world.
My last memories are of teaching my class.
Then my recollections of that life cut off abruptly, and the next thing I
knew, I was a baby.
The time until I understood what was happening was very difficult.
Since I was a baby who had just been born, I could scarcely move my
body, and my eyes and ears weren’t fully functioning.
I must confess I flew into a panic then, crying and shrieking.
When my eyes could finally see and I realized that I’d become a baby, I
was even more shocked than before.
For one thing, the ears of the people around me were long and pointy.
Thanks to the nerdy knowledge I’d spent so long accumulating, I knew
right away that they were elves.
And I understood my own situation, too.
Reincarnation in another world. It’s very trendy in stories online right
now, and I’d been sucked into such a story.
But I am weak.
I couldn’t be strong and build a brand-new life for myself like the
protagonists of those novels.
I couldn’t give up my old identity.
As I was overwhelmed with confusion, I latched on to one specific part of
that identity.
I am a teacher.
Meaning I have to prioritize my students above all else.
That’s the ideal teacher I always wanted to become.
Fortunately for me, I was born with a very convenient skill for this task.
The Student Roster skill.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

However, the information I learned from that skill only threw me into
despair.
Most of my students would die within less than twenty years.
Unable to accept the facts, I hid trembling from reality for several days.
However, reality did not change, and I couldn’t stop time only by ignoring
it.
Then I noticed something.
The name of the student whose time of death was the earliest, who was
written to die while still a baby, had disappeared.
My roster had an empty space.
When I saw this, I knew I had to do something.
Of the remaining students, ten were set to die within two or three years.
I used the abilities we know as “skills” to try to do something about it.
If a mysterious power like the Student Roster skill existed in this world,
surely there must be a skill like Telepathy, too.
Thus, I paid skill points to acquire the Telepathy skill.
Fortunately for me, my father is Potimas, the chief of the elves.
The average person would likely question their sanity if their infant
daughter started suddenly talking about reincarnation and such, but Potimas
accepted my story easily.
As it turned out, Potimas already thought of me as a special case from the
beginning.
At any rate, though it was risky, I took the bet and was able to convince
Potimas to promise to protect the reincarnations.
The rest was simple.
I could tell from the “past” descriptions in my Student Roster where my
students were born.
We simply needed to search in those areas.
Unfortunately, there were a few students we couldn’t reach in time, but
we were able to secure most of them safely.
Sometimes we accomplished this with money, other times with… Well,
there’s no point in mincing words—with kidnapping.
This was, of course, a crime.
But the elves did not hesitate to carry it out.
The elves have their own motivations, you see.
Their goal is a world with as few skills as possible, in order to best

--- PAGE BREAK ---

combat the administrators.
And as it happens, reincarnations are born with a great deal of skill points,
along with a single extra-strong skill.
If such a reincarnation was to acquire and strengthen a lot of skills, then
according to the elves, they might catch the eyes of the administrators and be
exploited for their purposes.
I have good reason to believe this story.
One of the causes of death listed in my Student Roster is “divested of
skills.”
Even now, it’s still listed as the cause for Shun and Katia, among others.
Initially, most of my students were fated to die for this reason.
I suspect this would indicate death brought about by an administrator.
Now that many of my students are in the elf village in an environment
where they can’t improve their skills, the number of skill-related deaths on
my list has decreased.
The “future” information changes fairly frequently.
However, no matter what I do, there are students whose predetermined
causes of death still have not changed from “divested of skills.”
Worse, all these deaths are meant to happen at the same time.
This year.
And I have no information about the future past that point.
Aside from the students who are meant to die this year, the others’
“future” information is all blank.
Just thinking about what that might mean frightens me.
My own name is not listed on my roster, you see.
That’s only natural. After all, I am a teacher not a student.
I don’t have any information about my own fate.
But it’s easy to draw conclusions.
The students who are still fated to die by being divested of their skills are
those with a great deal of skills.
And I have a great deal of skills as well.
Most likely, I am going to die along with them.
I assume I don’t have any information past that point because I’ll be dead
by then.
I’m scared. I don’t want to die.
I thought about using Skill Elimination.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

But I need to keep the power of my skills at least until I’ve dealt with
Hugo.
Besides, if I did use Skill Elimination to erase my skills, I don’t know
what the elves would do.
Skill Elimination essentially surrenders your power to the administrators.
If I give their opponent my power, the elves may start to view me as an
enemy.
I have no doubt that Potimas would be willing to purge me without even
the slightest change in his expression.
Even more importantly, that might endanger my students who are in the
elves’ care.
The elves are not protecting them out of goodwill, after all.
That leaves only one option.
I must turn the tables on the enemy who comes to rob us of our skills,
most likely an administrator.
I don’t know if I can even do such a thing, but I have no other choice.
But before that, I have to deal with Hugo.
As his teacher, the blame lies with me for letting him end up like this.
I must take responsibility for that.
…And Hugo isn’t the only case for which I need to take responsibility.
I recall Kudo’s cold eyes glaring at me.
Am I doing a good job of protecting my students?
I don’t really know.
Perhaps if I told them everything, they wouldn’t hate me so much, but
there is one curse associated with the Student Roster.
Namely, students are forbidden from reading it.
In other words, I cannot tell my students anything I have learned from the
Student Roster.
I don’t know what the penalty is for breaking that rule, but I can’t afford
to take any unnecessary risks.
No matter how I attempt to explain it to the students, there would be no
avoiding mention of the Student Roster.
And so, I have no choice but to keep silent.
As of now, the only problem it’s caused is a bit of resentment for me.
My students’ dissatisfaction hasn’t yet reached an explosive breaking
point.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

In that case, being hated by one’s students is simply part of a teacher’s
job.
I ought to just resign myself to their enmity. This sort of thing is no big
deal.
…That’s a lie. It breaks my heart. I’m not strong enough.
I’m frightened. I don’t want to die, and I don’t want any of them to die,
either.
Am I doing the right thing?
Have I made a mistake?
Am I doing a good job as their teacher?
Someone, please tell me.
“Ms. Ooookaaaa! Aw yeah, this is perfect! So nice of you to come out to
meet me!”
Hugo appears, along with the imperial army.
He’s their general, yet he’s charging ahead at the front.
“I’m happy to see you, too.”
I’m not really happy, of course.
But I have to scold a student who’s chosen the wrong path.
I don’t know if that’s really the right thing to do.
But I have no choice but to do it.
Because I’m their teacher.
