 THE DAY BEFORE THE BATTLE
The day after going to see the barrier, we all gather to discuss
countermeasures against the approaching imperial army.
“First of all, if we assume they can’t destroy the barrier, then they’ll most
likely target the teleport points, like the little lady said yesterday. Given our
own experience teleporting here, I’d like to think the security is pretty solid,
but we can’t be sure.”
Hyrince takes the lead, voicing his concerns.
Just as Katia told the elves before, if the imperial army has no means to
break the barrier, they must intend to invade using a teleport point.
According to Ms. Oka, due to the special properties of this village’s
barrier, it’s impossible to get inside without using a teleport point.
As long as the imperial army can’t destroy the barrier, all we need to do is
protect the teleport points to ensure that we avoid any needless battle with
them.
The easiest way to do this would be to temporarily disable the teleport
points, but the elves’ attitudes yesterday made it clear they would do no such
thing.
“Why would they be so stubborn about taking our advice?”
“It’s probably their stupid elf pride. Although they might have just been
hiding the fact that they can’t disable the teleport points.”
Hyrince looks disinterested, but that sounds like a pretty important theory
to me.
“They can’t disable them?”
“Chances are they can’t. At the very least, normal teleport points can’t be
disabled from only one side. You need someone operating on both ends to
deactivate them. And once you do that, it takes some time and effort to

--- PAGE BREAK ---

reactivate them. On top of that, the teleport points here are special, since they
have to cross that powerful barrier we all saw yesterday. Maybe they were so
snippy about it because it’s too difficult to stop and restart them?”
I see. That makes sense.
“Do you know anything about this, Anna?”
“Regretfully, I do not. There is no hope of a half elf such as myself being
privy to that sort of information. My apologies.”
Anna looks terribly morose, and I realize it was foolish of me to ask her.
If I had thought about it for a moment, I would have realized that someone
who was persecuted like Anna was wouldn’t have access to such confidential
information.
I stupidly reopened old wounds, and on top of that, she told me she was
sorry about it? I’m the one who should apologize.
“No, I’m sorry for asking you such a stupid question.”
“Not at all, Master Schlain. You need not apologize for anything. It is I
who disappointed you with my incompetence.”
“No, no…” We’re starting to get into an endless loop of apologies, so
Hyrince raises a hand to stop us.
“Let’s move on. By my reckoning, we can’t stop the teleport points.
Therefore, I believe our best course of action would be to help defend them
here. What do you all think?”
“But in that case, what do we do if it turns out that any of the elves have
been brainwashed?” I ask.
There could be an elf in the village who’s been brainwashed by Hugo.
If so, they would most likely try to deal with it internally.
“Shun, there’s nothing we can do about that,” Hyrince responds bluntly.
“It’s just as Mr. Hyrince says. Surely we cannot Appraise every elf in this
entire village, correct? After all that boasting yesterday, they’ll likely try to
keep a situation like that among themselves. If they think they can resist
being brainwashed, I’d love to see them try.”
Katia smiles mirthlessly.
She must be still angry about the elves claiming to be immune to
brainwashing, since she’s been brainwashed herself.
Her sarcastic tone makes her irritation crystal clear.
“I mean, I know we have no way of finding brainwashed elves if there are
any, but should we really just forget about it entirely ’cause of that? If there

--- PAGE BREAK ---

are, couldn’t they wreak havoc in here or assassinate key people or
something?”
“Kunihiko’s right. Besides, we don’t really know for sure that the barrier
can’t be broken, do we? In the worst-case scenario, an army of intruders
could come in through the teleport points, while brainwashed elves raise a
commotion in the village at the same time. What if the barrier does get
broken on top of all that?”
Kushitani takes her partner’s hypothetical scenario to its logical
conclusion.
“That certainly would be the worst…,” I murmur.
The atmosphere in the room grows heavy.
“I hate to say it, but…that’s not really the worst-case scenario yet, is it?”
Fei opens her mouth and brings the mood down even further.
“You remember, don’t you? There’s someone even worse out there than
stupid Natsume.”
At Fei’s words, it all comes back to me.
No, that’s not the right expression.
Those memories haven’t left my mind once.
The person who canceled out my magic with a wave of her hand, who
defeated Ms. Oka as easily as if she was twisting the arm of a baby, who Fei
took one look at and deemed a “monstrosity.”
“Shouko Negishi.” Fei’s voice is grave.
The reincarnation Shouko Negishi.
Her name in this world is Sophia Keren.
She’s overwhelmingly powerful and seems to be working with Hugo.
And according to Ms. Oka, she’s also one of the reincarnations who’s
sided with the “administrators.”
“Negishi? You mean that Negishi?” Tagawa asks uncertainly.
In our previous lives, Shouko Negishi definitely stood out.
So Tagawa and Kushitani seem to remember her, too.
“Oh, it’s her, all right,” Fei confirms, then looks to me.
At her prompting, I explain the incident with Hugo in the capital and what
our encounter with Sophia was like.
“Is she really that strong?”
“I took one look at her and knew I couldn’t win that fight—I’ll tell you
that much.”

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Fei is the strongest of all of us, so her words carry serious weight.
That means no one in this group has any hope of beating Sophia alone.
Incidentally, I got Tagawa’s and Kushitani’s permission to Appraise them
earlier.
Both have stats just below mine, higher than Katia’s.
That means they’ll be strong allies, but that also means they’re still
weaker than Fei.
If Fei can’t beat Sophia, they won’t stand a chance.
“A power that can cancel out magic, hmm…?”
Tagawa furrows his brow.
“Would that ability work on the barrier?”
Hearing that, I can’t help but gasp.
Clearly, Sophia has some kind of skill that can cancel out magic.
What if she can cancel out the barrier, too?
“I don’t know,” I respond honestly.
I don’t know how strong Sophia’s magic-canceling ability is or what its
limits are, and I don’t know how thoroughly the barrier will be able to resist
it, either.
But if the barrier can’t stand up to Sophia’s ability, then we can no longer
assume it’s impenetrable.
“Uh-oh. So now what? We keep an eye out for the barrier breaking, keep
an eye out for intruders from the teleport points, keep an eye out for
brainwashed elves running wild, and keep an eye out for some monstrosity
who none of us can beat? Give me a break already.”
At Tagawa’s words, the somber mood sinks even further.
“Not to mention, we can’t be sure that Negishi is the only reincarnation
with them,” Katia adds, as if to strike the finishing blow.
Is now really the time to say that…?
No, I suppose we have to confront all the possible problems.
Still, I can’t deny that I’ve been avoiding that particular topic.
“We know there are at least three reincarnations against us: Natsume,
Negishi, and Hasebe, who’s brainwashed. And according to the information
I’ve gathered, there are still two reincarnations whose whereabouts are
unknown: Shinobu Kusama and Kyouya Sasajima.”
As soon as those two names come up, especially Kyouya’s, my heart
sinks even further.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

In our old world, Katia, Kyouya, and I were best friends.
And now, it’s possible that Kyouya has become our enemy.
Just thinking about it puts a pit in my stomach.
“Shinobu and Kyouya, huh? What do you think the odds are that they’ll
be with Hugo’s army, Kanata?”
“I’m all but certain that at least one of them will be. It could very well be
both, but I can’t say for sure.”
Katia’s words strike home a grim reality.
Judging by what Ms. Oka has said so far, there are almost certainly other
reincarnations who have taken the side of the administrators.
Which means that out of the two who are unaccounted for, at least one of
them is most likely our enemy now.
And considering that Ms. Oka has stopped searching for the
reincarnations, I’m assuming that means she knows where all of them are.
If she knows where they are but can’t bring them back and won’t tell us
about it, that hints they’re not on our side.
Like Katia said, we can’t know for sure, but it’s entirely possible that both
of them have allied with the enemy.
At the same time, something feels off about it.
Would Kyouya really join up with those mysterious administrators?
Kyouya had a gentle, kind personality.
He was a quiet person who avoided standing out or conflicting with
others, but deep down I think he held a strong sense of justice.
When Katia—Kanata—took a joke too far, Kyouya was always there with
a firm scolding.
Could that same Kyouya really forgive all the awful things Hugo has
done?
“Hey, Katia. Do you really think Kyouya is our enemy now?”
I decide to voice my honest concerns to Katia.
The Kyouya I remember would have never accepted Hugo’s actions.
He was always deeply disgusted by evil deeds.
So actions like forcing a brainwashed Sue to kill her own father or
brainwashing Katia into fighting me would go against everything he stood
for.
“I couldn’t say. If you only consider the old Kyouya, it would be
unnatural for him to support Hugo.”

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“Then why…?”
“Because we can’t base our assumptions on our old lives, Shun. Just as
we’ve been living different lives in this world, Kyouya has been walking his
own path for equally as long. It’s possible he’s become a completely different
person in that time.”
She’s right, of course.
We’ve been here plenty long enough for someone to change.
Katia herself has asserted that she’s essentially a different person.
Yuri became obsessed with religion in a way that would’ve been
unthinkable for her old self.
And even Hugo didn’t do such insane things back then.
Everyone has changed.
From other people’s perspectives, I might have changed, too, even if I
haven’t noticed it myself.
My stubborn belief that Kyouya hasn’t changed is probably just me
selfishly clinging to memories of our old lives.
“Yeah…you’re right, huh? I guess it’s possible Kyouya’s changed…”
“Is anyone going to talk about Kusama or what?”
Just as I start to sink into despair, Kushitani cuts in with some perfectly
timed dry humor.
“Sorry, Kusama. I guess we all forgot about you.”
Tagawa follows suit, clasping his hands in mock apology to our absent
classmate.
Everyone laughs a little, releasing some of the tension in the room.
Kushitani must have said that to lighten the mood for everyone.
Honestly, I don’t know how someone so quiet and thoughtful can spend
all her time with the likes of Tagawa.
“Kusama, hmm? I have to admit, I can’t picture that dork joining up with
the side of evil, either.”
If Natsume was the leader of the class, Kusama was the class clown.
“I dunno,” Fei drawls. “I bet Shino would hop on board to do odd jobs
without any idea what they’re plotting behind the scenes.”
None of us reincarnations can argue with that.
Kusama was definitely the kind of person who would happily run errands
for anybody.
Fei would know, since she was always getting him to do stuff for her back

--- PAGE BREAK ---

then.
“So it is possible that both of them are with the enemy now…”
I don’t want to believe it, but we have to be prepared for the worst.
“So on top of Negishi, who’s stronger than anyone here, we might have to
deal with two more reincarnations of unknown strength, too. Like we didn’t
have enough problems? Gimme a break already.”
Tagawa’s complaints hit the nail on the head.
We can’t deal with all this alone.
“Yeah, it’ll be tough. But we still have to do it.”
Otherwise, the risks we took to get this far would all be for nothing.
After my resolute declaration, Hyrince steps in.
“Right. Sorry to interrupt while you’re getting all worked up here, but
remember, this is ultimately a battle between the empire and the elves, got it?
We’re only here to provide backup.”
He pauses for a moment to let that sink in.
“All of us are extras in this battle. It’s not a fight we have to win no matter
what. Don’t forget that.”
“But if we lose, the elves—”
“That’s war in a nutshell. Besides, I hate to say it, but I have no obligation
to defend the elves. If we can defeat Prince Hugo in this battle, I’ll certainly
be thrilled, but honestly, the rest doesn’t really matter to me.”
Hearing this from Hyrince stuns me into silence.
“Listen. Don’t get your priorities mixed up, okay? All you have to do in
this battle is protect the reincarnations who live here. And that includes
yourselves. After that, your secondary goal is to defeat Prince Hugo. There’s
no point worrying about who wins between the elves and the empire. That’s
for the elves to handle, not us.”
I can’t help but wonder if he’s saying this because he’s bitter about how
rude the elves were yesterday.
But Hyrince is a mature adult, and he’s not done speaking.
“Of course, since we are here to aid the elves, I fully intend to do
everything in my power to help them win. But the last thing I want is for any
one of you to die for that cause. So if it gets to that point, remember that you
can always retreat. Got it? Good.”
Hyrince’s tone doesn’t leave room for anyone to object.
But I can’t bring myself to agree, either.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

The rational part of me knows that he’s right, but the rest of me doesn’t
want to accept it.
“Shun. I know your history with Prince Hugo. And I know how much this
battle means to you. But still, please make sure you put your survival first. I
can’t watch another person I care about die right in front of me. Please.”
That’s not fair.
If you put it like that, you know there’s no way I can object.
Hyrince lost Julius and the rest of his friends right before his own eyes.
I can’t refuse a request like that.
“All right. I understand.”
Hyrince breathes a sigh of relief at my answer.
“Personally, I’d prefer that you form a group with all the other
reincarnations and stay on the defensive, but you wouldn’t be satisfied with
that, right?”
Hyrince looks at me searchingly.
It’s true that based on everything he’s said, it would be safer and more in
line with our goals for me to stay with the reincarnations who can’t fight and
be prepared to run away if necessary.
But I want to settle things with Hugo, too.
No, that’s not quite right.
To be more accurate, I want to make sure Hugo doesn’t hurt anyone else.
The more he plunges the human world into chaos, the easier it is for
demons to take advantage and attack.
My brother Julius gave his life to defend the human race, and now Hugo
is threatening to destroy them anyway.
That’s more unforgivable to me than any personal grudge I have against
Hugo.
I aim to stop him with this battle.
And when I say I don’t want Hugo to hurt anyone else, that includes the
elves.
They haven’t exactly been friendly toward us, but that doesn’t mean I
want to see anything terrible happen to them.
I don’t think I have it in me to stand idly by and watch as an entire race
gets dragged into war.
So I can’t just stay in a safe place with the other reincarnations and wait.
I have to do whatever I can to protect everyone.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Otherwise, there was no point coming to the village in the first place.
A single glance at my troubled expression told Hyrince all he needed to
know.
“Yeah, I figured. So forget that plan. Let’s do as much as we can to help
the elves win, then. That way we might get a chance to approach Prince
Hugo.”
I’m grateful that he’s so worried about us, but we can’t just leave
everything to the hands of others.
“Thank you. And I’m sorry, everyone. I know it’s selfish of me, but I
really need to settle things with Hugo. I don’t want to drag all of you into it,
though.”
“Oh, don’t apologize. I have a score to settle with Hugo myself, after all.”
“Yeah, hiding out in a safe place sounds lame anyway. I’ll go with you.”
Katia and Tagawa have my back immediately.
While looking at the latter, Kushitani’s expression says that she can’t help
but go along with him.
Anna doesn’t say anything, but it looks like she’s quietly steeling her
resolve.
Fei, for once, is silent.
I can’t tell what she’s thinking.
“Fei?”
“Mm. Huh? What is it?”
“Well, you seem worried about something…”
“Oh, sorry. Don’t worry about it; it’s no big deal.”
“Is that so…?”
Her tone isn’t very convincing, but since she says not to worry, I have no
choice but to trust her.
“So, like we were saying earlier, I think our best bet is to help guard the
teleport points. Assuming the barrier can’t be destroyed, that’ll be the most
likely target. Even if the barrier is destroyed or if brainwashed elves start
working from the inside, all we can do is deal with that when it happens. So it
makes the most sense to protect something that we know for sure needs to be
protected. If the enemy does ignore the teleport points and starts causing
trouble elsewhere, we’ll just have to run over to them then. If that does
happen, we’ll probably need your help, Miss Fei. Is that all right?”
“Yes, that’s fine,” Fei answers lightly.

--- PAGE BREAK ---

“So basically, we’ll have to play it by ear. Let’s just do what we can, as
best we can.”
Hearing those words, a light goes on in my mind.
I recall the words of Basgath, our old labyrinth guide.
“Everyone has things they can do and things they can’t. Trying to do the
impossible anyway won’t change a thing. Just stick to what yeh can do.”
He was exactly right.
Maybe I’ve just been too greedy all this time.
I saw the situation as impossible because I was assuming we would deal
with everything ourselves.
But all we can do is try our best.
Thinking of it that way, the burden on my shoulders feels a little lighter.
It’s simple. I’ll do what I can do with all my might.
And then I will do my best to fulfill my duties as the hero.
That’s right. I lost sight of what really matters.
Settling things with Hugo is important, but there’s something bigger than
that at stake.
Protection. That’s what comes first.
Julius’s main goal as the hero was to protect everyone’s peace.
If I really have to, I can wait to settle things with Hugo in order to put that
first.
Because as long as the barrier stays unbroken and we manage to protect
the teleport points and any brainwashed elves are dealt with, Hugo won’t be
able to lay a hand on the village.
Which means that we won’t be able to lay a hand on Hugo, either.
But that’s all right.
What matters most isn’t settling the score with Hugo.
It’s protecting people from senseless violence.
Doing everything I can to create a better future.
That’s what’s most important.
Right, Julius?
“Yes, I agree with Hyrince’s plan.”
Our goals have been decided. All that’s left to do now is wait.
