--- PAGE 8 (PDF index) ---
Off	in	the	distance	is	a	huge	expanse	of	trees.
The	Great	Garam	Forest.
As	the	name	implies,	it’s	a	ridiculously	large	forest.
Even	from	this	far	away,	it	stretches	in	either	direction	as	far	as	the	eye	can
see.
We	 members	 of	 the	 demon	 army,	 disguised	 as	 the	 imperial	 army,	 are
currently	marching	toward	that	forest.
Or	more	specifically,	toward	the	elf	village	at	its	heart.
It’s	time	to	settle	the	score	with	Potimas,	our	longtime	enemy.
Natsume	 and	 the	 imperial	 army	 have	 already	 arrived	 at	 its	 border,	 where
they’re	cutting	a	path	for	the	rest	of	us.
Thanks	 to	 an,	 um,	 expansion	 pack	 that	 I	 generously	 added	 to	 his	 brain,
Natsume	now	does	whatever	I	say.
And	with	his	handy-dandy	Seven	Deadly	Sins	skill	“Lust,”	he’s	brainwashed
the	top	brass	of	the	empire	into	doing	whatever	he	says.
So	 he’s	 been	 able	 to	 bring	 the	 imperial	 army	 all	 this	 way,	 and	 we	 in	 the
demon	 army	 are	 basically	 going	 along	 for	 the	 ride,	 disguised	 as	 part	 of	 the
imperial	army.
Demons	don’t	really	look	any	different	from	humans,	after	all.
Since	 we’re	 all	 decked	 out	 in	 imperial	 army	 duds	 and	 boldly	 marching	 in
broad	daylight,	it’s	been	surprisingly	easy	to	get	away	without	being	found	out.
Besides,	 we	 already	 got	 our	 story	 straight	 with	 the	 people	 who	 would
normally	 be	 the	 biggest	 pain	 if	 they	 did	 find	 out:	 the	 Word	 of	 God	 religion,
which	has	encompassed	most	of	humanity.
They	also	happen	to	see	the	elves	as	a	mortal	enemy	who	must	be	destroyed
at	 all	 costs,	 after	 all.	 Nothing	 would	 make	 them	 happier	 than	 the	 demons	 and
elves	fighting	it	out.
I’m	 sure	 they’re	 not	 thrilled	 that	 we’re	 borrowing	 the	 imperial	 army,
Page 2
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 9 (PDF index) ---
humanity’s	main	defense	force,	in	the	process,	but	they	obviously	decided	that	it
was	 worth	 the	 possible	 sacrifice	 if	 it	 meant	 crushing	 the	 elves,	 or	 more
specifically	their	leader	Potimas.
So	we	don’t	need	to	worry	about	the	Word	of	God	turning	against	us	in	this
battle.
We’re	not	perfect	allies	now	or	anything,	but	it’s	a	temporary	truce,	and	an
equally	temporary	alliance.
The	enemy	of	my	enemy…you	know	the	rest.
Which	 means	 we	 can	 focus	 all	 our	 energy	 on	 destroying	 Potimas	 without
worrying	about	anyone	else.
It’s	finally	time	to	settle	things	once	and	for	all.
…And	yet.
Even	 with	 this	 crucial	 showdown	 looming	 before	 us,	 the	 mood	 is	 weirdly
relaxed.
“Ooooh~”
“Right	here?	Is	this	the	spot?”
In	our	horse-drawn,	or	rather	spider-drawn	carriage,	my	voice	cries	out	as	the
Demon	 Lord	 mercilessly	 attacks	 my	 weak	 spots,	 sounding	 like	 she	 relishes	 it
immensely.
Just	to	make	things	clear	in	advance,	we’re	not	doing	anything	dirty!
It’s	just	a	massage!
And	 I	 don’t	 mean	 that	 kind	 of	 massage,	 I	 mean	 a	 literal,	 health-related,
perfectly	normal	massage!
It’s	not	dirty	in	any	way!
IT’S	NOT	DIRTY	IN	ANY	WAY!
I’m	saying	that	twice	to	stress	how	serious	I	am!
Look,	 I’ve	 been	 putting	 in	 serious	 overtime	 setting	 the	 stage	 for	 this
showdown	for	ages	now,	really	busting	my	butt.
So	as	a	show	of	gratitude,	or	something,	the	Demon	Lord	is	personally	giving
me	a	massage.
And	I	gotta	tell	you,	it	feels	great.
“Ahaaa~”
As	 the	 Demon	 Lord’s	 hands	 skillfully	 find	 the	 spots	 that	 feel	 best,	 I	 can’t
help	but	let	out	a	few	noises,	okay?
You’d	never	guess	it,	but	the	Demon	Lord	is	actually	super	multitalented.
She’s	a	great	cook,	too.
Since	she’s	lived	such	a	long	time,	she’s	picked	up	all	kinds	of	tricks,	much
Page 3
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 10 (PDF index) ---
like	you’d	from	a	wise	old	granny.
“Hiyah!”
“Guh?!”
“Who’re	you	calling	an	ancient	hag?!”
“I	didn’t	say—gwuh?!”
As	if	reading	my	mind,	the	Demon	Lord	hits	me	with	a	shiatsu	attack!
I	didn’t	call	her	a	hag!
I	called	her	a	granny,	but	that’s	all!
Besides,	it’s	true	she’s	lived	a	long	time!	That’s	just	a	fact!
“Hiyah!”
“Hoomph?!”
Her	fingers	apply	even	more	pressure!
Excuse	meeee?	Miss	Demon	Lord?
You	know	your	stats	are	around	ninety	thousand	on	average,	right?
If	 you	 really	 wanted	 to,	 you	 could	 crush	 a	 person	 into	 a	 pulp	 with	 your
fingers	alone.	You	do	realize	that,	don’t	you?
So	please	don’t	go	poking	at	my	pressure	points	with	that	kind	of	strength!
If	you	hit	anyone	else	with	those	Fingers	of	the	North	Star,	they’d	probably
go	“HIDEBU!”	and	explode	into	a	puddle	of	blood,	manga-style!
So	 basically,	 we’re	 messing	 around	 in	 our	 spider-drawn	 carriage,	 but	 I
imagine	 most	 people	 would	 question	 if	 we	 should	 really	 be	 acting	 like	 this
before	such	a	major	battle.
But	 hey,	 we’ve	 taken	 care	 of	 all	 the	 setup	 we	 could	 manage,	 and	 since	 the
demon	army	is	currently	on	the	move,	there’s	not	much	else	we	can	do.
Sure,	 we	 could	 try	 and	 speed	 the	 army’s	 progress	 along,	 but	 Natsume’s
imperial	army	is	stuck	up	ahead	because	of	the	forest	anyway.
We	can’t	very	well	march	through	the	whole	forest	in	such	huge	numbers,	so
they	should	be	in	the	middle	of	clearing	a	nice	path	for	us	right	about	now.
Normally	 I	 imagine	 it’d	 be	 pretty	 tough	 to	 cut	 a	 path	 through	 this	 massive
forest	big	enough	for	a	whole	army,	but	with	the	stats	and	skills	that	exist	in	this
world,	logging	is	a	relatively	simple	task.
If	I	really	wanted	to,	I	could	unleash	a	killer	fist	or	two	of	my	own,	and	blast
the	trees	out	of	our	way	easily,	roots	and	all.
Even	without	going	that	far,	the	imperial	army	is	using	its	various	strengths
to	cut	through	the	forest	faster	than	would	ever	have	been	possible	on	Earth.
Still,	it’s	obviously	gonna	be	a	lot	slower	than	marching	across	level	ground.
In	other	words,	there’s	no	point	rushing	the	demon	army	when	the	imperial
Page 4
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 11 (PDF index) ---
army	is	still	in	that	process	anyway,	because	we’d	just	catch	up	to	them.
Which	would	be	a	problem.
Because	 the	 majority	 of	 the	 imperial	 army	 doesn’t	 know	 that	 we’re	 the
demon	army.
Natsume’s	brainwashing	is	really	only	in	effect	on	a	small	amount	of	the	top
brass;	most	of	the	soldiers	are	just	doing	as	they’re	told.
Naturally,	 there’s	 no	 reason	 for	 those	 soldiers	 to	 know	 that	 the	 other	 unit
following	behind	them	is	actually	the	demon	army.
They	just	think	we’re	a	normal	part	of	the	imperial	army.
Now,	given	that	the	demon	army	really	is	wearing	the	imperial	army	uniform
and	everything,	I	don’t	think	anyone	would	figure	it	out	from	far	away.
But	 if	 we	 actually	 met	 up	 with	 them,	 we	 wouldn’t	 be	 able	 to	 hide	 that
something	is	off.
For	one	thing,	the	demon	army	doesn’t	normally	wear	this	uniform;	we	just
threw	them	together	in	a	hurry	for	this	particular	campaign.
Up	close,	I’m	sure	it’d	be	clear	that	our	troops	aren’t	used	to	it,	like	when	you
can	tell	a	new	employee	is	wearing	a	suit	for	the	first	time.
But	there’s	a	way	more	obvious	discrepancy	than	a	minor	detail	like	that.
Demons	speak	their	own	language,	after	all…
As	soon	as	they	overheard	a	single	word	of	that	language,	it’d	be	game	over,
man…
Not	to	mention	that	we’re	riding	in	a	spider-drawn	carriage	right	now!
I’m	pretty	sure	they	don’t	have	those	in	the	empire!
What	kind	of	a	carriage	uses	arch	taratects	instead	of	horses…?
Using	 something	 this	 ridiculous	 looking	 is	 definitely	 gonna	 give	 away	 that
we’re	not	a	normal	army.
So	yeah,	we	have	to	make	sure	we	don’t	catch	up	to	the	imperial	army.
Which	is	why	we’re	taking	our	time	with	the	march.
Besides,	it’s	safe	to	assume	that	the	battle	we’re	heading	into	is	going	to	be	a
tough	one.	It’s	not	a	bad	idea	to	relax	while	we	can	instead	of	wearing	ourselves
out	for	no	good	reason.
What	 would	 be	 the	 point	 of	 showing	 up	 physically	 exhausted	 and	 mentally
drained?
That’s	 why	 the	 Demon	 Lord	 and	 I	 are	 taking	 it	 easy	 and	 encouraging	 the
demon	army	to	do	the	same	by	slowing	their	pace:	to	conserve	energy.
So	what	about	the	imperial	army	up	ahead,	you	ask?	Well,	they’re	basically
sacrificial	pawns,	sooo…
Page 5
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 12 (PDF index) ---
All	 we	 really	 need	 them	 to	 do	 is	 thin	 the	 elves’	 numbers	 and	 disturb	 their
ranks	a	little	bit.
There’s	no	way	an	army	of	ordinary	humans	can	contend	with	the	elves’	real
strength,	anyway.
As	long	as	the	imperial	army	can	thin	out	the	surface	part	of	their	forces,	then
they’ve	done	their	duties	well	enough.
If	 they	 can	 draw	 out	 the	 elves’	 real	 strength,	 namely	 the	 mechanical
weaponry	Potimas	is	hiding,	that	would	be	even	better.
And	 sadly,	 if	 they	 accomplish	 that,	 the	 imperial	 army’s	 gonna	 get
decimated…
To	be	totally	honest,	I	think	most	of	their	soldiers	are	gonna	die.
If	 they’re	 already	 doomed,	 what’s	 the	 point	 in	 worrying	 about	 their
exhaustion	and	all	that,	y’know?
Nope,	we	just	need	them	to	part	the	waters	for	us,	so	to	speak.
Or	the	trees,	in	this	case.
“Mm…”
At	that	moment,	the	Demon	Lord’s	hands	stop	their	massaging.
“…Again?”
“…Mm-hmm.	So	it	would	seem…”
The	Demon	Lord	pulls	away	from	me	and	takes	her	seat,	looking	somewhat
annoyed.
Then	she	starts	talking	to	herself.
“Hello?	Ah,	okay…	Mm-hmm…”
To	 an	 outside	 observer,	 it	 might	 look	 like	 she’s	 lost	 her	 mind,	 but	 she	 is
actually	conversing	with	someone.
It’s	not	like	she’s	receiving	some	weird	signal	that	only	she	can	hear.
…Although	I	guess	it	might	be,	in	a	way.
But,	well,	you	know…
The	 Telepathy	 skill	 lets	 you	 have	 a	 sort	 of	 phone-like	 conversation	 with
someone	far	away,	but	in	this	case…she’s	talking	to	Vampy.
At	 the	 moment,	 Vampy	 is	 traveling	 with	 the	 imperial	 army,	 and	 apparently
she’s	reeeally	bored	since	they’re	stuck	cutting	through	the	forest.
And	since	she’s	bored,	she’s	started	sending	us	Telepathy	calls	at	incredibly
frequent	intervals.
Not	 only	 to	 the	 Demon	 Lord,	 but	 to	 Mera	 and	 Mr.	 Oni	 and	 so	 on	 just	 as
frequently.
If	 you	 calculate	 based	 on	 how	 often	 she’s	 been	 talking	 to	 the	 Demon	 Lord,
Page 6
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 13 (PDF index) ---
doesn’t	that	mean	she’s	been	talking	to	someone	with	Telepathy	at	every	waking
moment?
How	needy	can	you	get?!
Sure,	Vampy	probably	doesn’t	know	anyone	in	the	imperial	army,	and	she’s
not	exactly	the	type	to	try	and	make	friends	on	her	own.	So	I’m	sure	she’s	bored
with	no	one	to	talk	to,	but	still…
Phelmina’s	with	her,	but	those	two	get	along	like	cats	and	dogs.
…Hmm?
Wait	a	second.
Wasn’t	there	one	more	person	traveling	with	Vampy?
That	guy	who	fell	madly	in	love	with	her	at	the	demon	academy,	chased	out
and	screwed	over	his	own	fiancée	Phelmina	to	make	himself	a	bachelor,	and	on
top	 of	 that	 begged	 and	 pleaded	 with	 Vampy	 until	 she	 finally	 made	 him	 a
vampire,	and	thus	her	underling?
His	name’s	Wald,	but	hoo	boy.
According	 to	 my	 calculations,	 Vampy	 is	 spending	 most	 of	 her	 time	 using
Telepathy	to	bother	the	rest	of	us,	which	means	that	she’s	refusing	to	converse
with	Wald,	who’s	presumably	right	next	to	her…
That’s	rough,	buddy.
He	 threw	 away	 all	 kinds	 of	 things	 to	 become	 a	 vampire	 out	 of	 his	 love	 for
Vampy,	and	this	is	how	she	treats	him…
Then	again,	since	Phelmina	is	one	of	the	things	he	threw	away,	maybe	this	is
just	karma?
Hrmmm…
His	attachment,	or	rather	obsession,	is	certainly	a	bit	stalker-y,	and	someone
who’s	 secretly	 super	 antisocial	 like	 Vampy	 wouldn’t	 know	 how	 to	 handle
someone	coming	on	so	strong.
Even	though	she	comes	on	super	strong	to	the	people	she	likes…
Luckily	 for	 me,	 I’ve	 lost	 all	 my	 skills,	 so	 she	 can’t	 contact	 me	 with
Telepathy.
The	 Demon	 Lord,	 Mera,	 and	 Mr.	 Oni	 are	 just	 gonna	 have	 to	 deal	 with
Vampy’s	boredom	on	their	own.
They’re	 all	 really	 nice	 deep	 down,	 or	 they	 wouldn’t	 answer	 her	 in	 the	 first
place.
…Although	maybe	they’re	just	using	that	as	a	distraction,	too.
After	all,	we’re	about	to	face	Potimas	himself.
To	be	totally	honest,	there’s	no	way	of	knowing	if	all	of	us	will	survive.
Page 7
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 14 (PDF index) ---
I	definitely	don’t	think	we’re	gonna	lose,	that’s	for	sure.
I’ve	made	an	almost	unnecessary	level	of	preparations	to	ensure	our	victory.
But	there’s	no	such	thing	as	an	absolute	guarantee.
Just	 like	 I’ve	 been	 preparing	 for	 all	 I’m	 worth,	 I’m	 sure	 Potimas	 has	 been
doing	the	very	same.
In	 fact,	 he’s	 been	 doing	 that	 for	 ages	 and	 aaaages,	 since	 long	 before	 we
reincarnations	were	born	into	this	world.
I	still	don’t	know	all	of	Potimas’s	secrets.
So	there’s	no	telling	what	might	happen.
Just	to	be	extra	clear,	I	seriously	don’t	think	we’re	gonna	lose.
But	I	can’t	say	for	sure	that	there	won’t	be	any	losses.
In	the	worst-case	scenario,	I	might	be	the	only	survivor.
That’s	how	intense	this	fight	is	probably	gonna	get.
Maybe	Vampy	has	picked	up	on	that,	too…
“Demon	Lord.”
“Hmm?”
“Give	Vampy	a	message	for	me.”
“What	is	it?”
“Don’t	worry,	we’re	gonna	win.”
The	 Demon	 Lord	 blinks	 back	 at	 me	 for	 a	 moment,	 but	 then	 she	 grins	 and
starts	talking	again.
“Message	 for	 ya	 from	 White.	 ‘Don’t	 worry,	 we’re	 gonna	 win,’	 she	 says.
Aww,	 isn’t	 it	 nice	 of	 her	 to	 try	 to	 comfort	 you	 in	 your	 time	 of	 need,	 widdle
Sophia?”
Excuse	me.
Did	I	ask	you	to	say	that	last	part?
Judging	by	the	smirk	on	her	face,	this	is	obviously	a	premeditated	crime,	that
jerk.
“Oof.”	The	Demon	Lord	winces	and	tilts	her	head.	“…She	yelled	at	me	and
hung	up.”
I	 can	 absolutely	 picture	 Vampy	 spewing	 a	 rapid-fire	 volley	 of	 insults	 and
hanging	up	in	a	huff.
She’s	so	easy	to	read,	that	one.
In	spite	of	her	high	stats,	Vampy	is	pretty	simple-minded	deep	down.
No	idea	how	she	turned	out	like	this…
I’d	like	to	have	a	word	with	whoever	raised	her.
“Aww,	she’s	sooo	cute.”
Page 8
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 15 (PDF index) ---
The	Demon	Lord	barely	stifles	a	laugh.
…Come	 to	 think	 of	 it,	 she	 was	 basically	 Vampy’s	 substitute	 parent	 in	 her
infancy,	huh?
That	totally	explains	how	she	ended	up	such	a	weirdo.
“Hiyah!”
OWWWW?!
The	Demon	Lord	flicked	my	forehead!
Again,	if	you	did	that	to	anyone	but	me,	their	head	would	fly	right	off!
“You	were	thinking	something	insulting	again,	weren’t	you?”
Grrr!
I	can’t	even	claim	that’s	a	false	accusation	because	she’s	right!
“Y’know,	 White,	 at	 a	 glance	 you	 seem	 hard	 to	 read,	 but	 it’s	 actually	 very
easy.”
The	Demon	Lord	gives	an	exaggerated	sigh.
…It’s	 not	 like	 I	 try	 to	 be	 particularly	 hard	 to	 read,	 but	 it’s	 still	 kinda
surprising	to	hear	that.
“What	are	our	chances	of	winning	this	next	battle?”
Her	expression	turns	serious	as	she	asks	this.
I	guess	that	means	we’re	done	joking	around.
So	I	give	her	my	honest	assessment.
“One	hundred	percent.”
“…Then	what	are	the	chances	that	we	survive?”
“……”
By	“we,”	I	assume	she	means	herself,	Vampy,	Mr.	Oni,	Mera,	and	the	puppet
spider	sisters.
The	rest	of	the	masses	probably	don’t	count	in	this	case.
“Since	you	didn’t	answer	right	away,	that	must	mean	the	chances	aren’t	100
percent.	See?	Easy	to	read.”
I	don’t	know	how	to	respond	to	that.
“You	really	are	too	soft	on	the	people	you	care	about,	White.”
The	Demon	Lord	smirks.
But	her	expression	quickly	turns	serious	again.
“But	you’ll	have	to	drop	that	softness	for	this	battle	in	particular.”
“……”
“This	 is	 war.	 There	 will	 be	 casualties	 on	 both	 sides.	 And	 we’re	 betting	 our
own	lives	on	this,	too.	If	we	die	in	the	process,	that	just	means	we	weren’t	strong
enough.”
Page 9
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 16 (PDF index) ---
“What,	so	you	don’t	need	my	help?”
“I	 didn’t	 say	 that.	 But	 you	 shouldn’t	 go	 overboard	 trying	 to	 help	 us.	 Just
focus	on	making	sure	we	win.”
…It’s	not	like	I	don’t	understand	what	she’s	trying	to	say.
But	even	so…
“If	I	can	help	you,	I	will.”
“…Then	I’d	better	make	sure	I	don’t	cause	you	any	such	trouble.”
I	don’t	think	I	can	bring	myself	to	abandon	the	Demon	Lord	and	the	others.
I	know	she	thinks	I’m	being	soft,	but	if	anything,	this	is	for	my	own	sake.
I	don’t	want	to	be	left	with	regrets	or	anything	like	that.
So	I	amend	my	statement:
“Our	chances	of	winning	with	everyone	surviving	are	100	percent.”
I	won’t	accept	any	other	kind	of	victory.
Let’s	do	this.
Page 10
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com