--- PAGE 17 (PDF index) ---
The	beginning	of	my	romance	with	Sariel	wasn’t	terribly	interesting.
No,	 I	 suppose	 it	 was	 a	 rather	 impactful	 encounter,	 enough	 that	 it	 might	 be
interesting	to	some.
But	 I	 feel	 the	 need	 to	 state	 in	 advance	 that	 there	 was	 no	 romantic	 element
present	in	our	first	meeting,	just	in	case	that	is	what	anyone	was	interested	in.
Unfortunately,	it	was	not	love	at	first	sight,	or	any	such	flight	of	fancy.
My	first	meeting	with	Sariel	was	impactful	in	a	very	different	way.
Not	in	a	romantic	sense,	but	rather,	a	more	literal	sort	of	impact.
A	direct	impact,	if	you	will.
Since	she	knocked	me	to	the	ground	the	very	first	time	we	met.
Impactful,	is	it	not?
The	 world	 before	 the	 system	 was	 implemented	 was	 a	 very	 different	 world
entirely.
Its	appearance,	its	inner	workings,	and	everything	in	between.
Perhaps	this	is	obvious,	but	without	the	system,	there	were	no	skills	or	stats.
This	 meant	 that	 people	 were	 weaker	 on	 the	 whole,	 but	 as	 there	 were	 no
monsters	or	any	such	thing	either,	they	did	not	need	to	be	strong.
As	 they	 could	 not	 use	 magic,	 science	 developed	 instead;	 buildings	 were
constructed	tall	enough	to	pierce	the	heavens,	smooth	and	solid	streets	connected
across	the	natural	ground,	and	automobiles	filled	those	streets	to	bursting.
If	 the	 people	 of	 those	 times	 could	 see	 how	 life	 is	 in	 this	 world	 today,	 I
imagine	they	would	think	that	time	had	gone	backward.
With	the	help	of	skills,	people	whose	knowledge	still	remains,	and	so	on,	we
have	 not	 gone	 entirely	 backward,	 but	 I	 am	 sure	 such	 differences	 are	 only
tangible	to	those	of	us	who	knew	the	time	before,	like	Ariel,	Dustin,	and	me.
No	doubt	Potimas	pays	no	attention	to	such	things.
Page 11
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 18 (PDF index) ---
Other	than	that,	I	suppose	reincarnations	might	notice.
Before	 they	 were	 reborn	 here,	 it	 seems	 they	 lived	 on	 a	 planet	 with	 a	 fairly
advanced	civilization	as	well.
Perhaps	 some	 of	 them	 have	 also	 noticed	 the	 occasional	 remnants	 of	 the
technologies	we	once	had,	which	do	not	seem	to	fit	with	our	current	way	of	life.
The	 system	 was	 programmed	 to	 make	 books	 and	 other	 such	 recording
mediums	deteriorate	faster	to	eliminate	such	things,	but	it	cannot	erase	what	has
been	handed	down	over	generations	by	word	of	mouth	and	so	on.
As	 if	 to	 prove	 that	 even	 a	 species	 as	 weak	 as	 humans	 can	 resist	 a	 powerful
god	like	D…even	in	the	tiniest	of	ways.
Although	I	doubt	that	was	the	humans’	intent.	This	is	just	wishful	thinking	on
my	part,	I’m	sure…
Ah,	but	I	digress.
At	any	rate,	things	changed	so	drastically	that	one	might	doubt	that	this	is	the
same	world	as	before.
And	it	was	not	just	the	world	that	changed,	but	myself	as	well.
I	was	a	prideful	person	at	the	time,	though	it	may	be	strange	to	say	so	myself.
I	firmly	believed	that	humans	were	inferior	creatures,	and	never	doubted	that
for	a	second.
In	my	defense,	I	will	clarify	that	the	same	could	be	said	of	all	dragons.
I	do	not	mean	the	monsters	that	are	called	such	in	this	current	world,	but	true
dragons,	such	as	myself.
We	true	dragons	are	a	powerful	species,	promised	that	we	can	reach	godhood
from	the	moment	we	are	born.
As	a	result,	we	tend	to	genuinely	believe	that	dragons	are	a	superior	race,	and
all	others	are	beneath	us.
Now	that	I	have	encountered	the	ultra-powerful	god	known	as	D,	I	no	longer
believe	this	with	such	confidence,	but	at	the	time	there	was	never	a	doubt	in	my
mind.
Thus,	it	did	not	amuse	me	to	see	the	inferior	race	of	humans	spreading	across
the	world	as	if	they	owned	the	place.
Why	 did	 the	 top-ranking	 dragons	 not	 use	 their	 overwhelming	 might	 to
subjugate	these	humans?
I	did	not	understand.
For	a	dragon,	I	am	still	relatively	young,	but	back	then	I	was	even	younger.
I	suppose	you	could	call	it	the	arrogance	of	youth.
So	when	a	dragon	child	was	kidnapped	by	a	measly	human,	of	all	things,	you
Page 12
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 19 (PDF index) ---
can	imagine	that	I	was	extremely	displeased.
In	those	days,	dragons	kept	to	themselves	in	a	small	dominion.
Of	the	ruling	dragons,	many	of	them	were	dissatisfied	with	this	way	of	life.
But	for	dragons,	the	rule	of	seniority	is	absolute.
If	an	elder	dragon	gives	an	order,	younger	dragons	must	obey	it.
We	 suppressed	 our	 displeasure	 and	 obeyed	 the	 commands	 of	 the	 older
dragons.
The	years	a	dragon	has	lived	directly	correspond	with	their	strength.
Unlike	 other	 creatures,	 the	 strength	 or	 weakness	 of	 a	 parent	 does	 not
determine	that	of	the	child.
Which	is	why	all	elderly	dragons	were	respected,	and	children	were	treasured
and	treated	equally.
Dragons	 live	 so	 long	 that	 their	 average	 lifespan	 cannot	 be	 predicted,	 and
individually	strong	dragons	hardly	ever	have	children.
Because	 it	 is	 such	 a	 rare	 occurrence,	 dragon	 children	 are	 raised	 with	 great
care.
And	 stealing	 such	 a	 priceless	 treasure	 from	 us	 was	 bound	 to	 invoke
incomparable	wrath.
I	had	no	personal	connection	to	that	child;	we	had	never	even	met.
But	even	I	felt	my	blood	boiling.
So	you	can	only	imagine	the	parents’	rage.
It	would	have	been	no	surprise	if	they	went	about	destroying	human	villages
indiscriminately,	searching	for	their	child.
Perhaps	that	is	exactly	why	I,	an	unrelated	individual,	was	assigned	to	keep
watch	over	the	child.
Observation	only,	not	rescue.
According	to	the	elder	dragons,	“As	the	child	was	stolen	by	man,	it	stands	to
reason	that	man	must	do	the	rescuing	as	well.”
Otherwise,	 there	 would	 be	 no	 more	 justification	 for	 dragons	 to	 tolerate
humans.
Upon	 hearing	 this,	 my	 honest	 reaction	 was,	 “Is	 there	 really	 any	 need	 to
tolerate	them?”
At	the	time,	I	thought	we	should	simply	destroy	a	human	town	or	two	to	set
an	example.
But	I	could	not	disobey	the	elder	dragons’	orders.
Instead,	I	was	to	monitor	the	kidnapped	child,	as	a	safety	net	just	in	case	any
Page 13
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 20 (PDF index) ---
danger	might	befall	them	before	humans	could	rescue	them.
It	was	a	criminal	syndicate	that	had	kidnapped	the	child.
Dragons	 are	 a	 skillful	 race.	 As	 soon	 as	 we	 realized	 the	 child	 had	 been
kidnapped,	we	immediately	found	out	the	culprits.
Then	 we	 contacted	 the	 nation	 where	 those	 criminals	 were	 hiding	 and
demanded	that	they	rescue	the	child	themselves.
Humans	know	how	terrifying	dragons	can	be.
And	they	know	what	it	means	to	steal	a	child	from	dragons,	too.
Back	then,	I	thought	of	the	kidnappers	and	the	rescuers	alike	as	mere	humans
of	 the	 same	 ilk,	 but	 in	 retrospect,	 the	 kidnappers	 must	 have	 been	 out	 of	 their
minds.
Any	human	with	the	slightest	good	sense	would	know	better	than	to	kidnap	a
dragon	child.
It	was	only	because	this	group	lacked	any	sense	at	all	that	they	were	able	to
resort	to	such	madness.
The	humans	who	kidnapped	the	dragon	child	were,	simply	put,	idiots.
Which	is	why	they	were	being	used.
As	I	would	learn	much	later,	the	mastermind	behind	this	foolish	kidnapping
was	none	other	than	Potimas.
He	was	using	the	crime	syndicate	to	research	the	transcendent	race	known	as
dragons.
He	 was	 even	 careful	 enough	 to	 put	 several	 other	 organizations	 and
individuals	between	himself	and	the	perpetrators,	so	that	we	would	not	identify
him	as	the	one	behind	it	all.
That	 man	 knew	 perfectly	 well	 what	 happened	 to	 those	 who	 incurred	 the
wrath	of	dragons.
Otherwise,	he	would	not	have	taken	such	care	to	ensure	that	we	wouldn’t	find
him.
It	is	hard	to	say	whether	this	makes	him	bold	for	meddling	with	dragons,	or	a
coward	for	taking	such	cautionary	measures	to	hide	from	us.
Either	way,	because	of	this	incident,	he	was	able	to	get	his	hands	on	a	bit	of
body	tissue	from	a	dragon:	hair	and	scale	fragments	from	the	kidnapped	child.
He	used	the	tissue	to	create	a	chimera,	but	that	is	a	story	for	another	time.
I	could	not	pardon	the	perpetrators,	even	if	they	were	being	used	by	Potimas.
That	is	what	it	means	to	lay	a	hand	on	a	dragon.
Desperate	to	avoid	being	caught	up	in	the	consequences,	the	nation	where	the
crime	syndicate	was	hiding	hurried	to	take	countermeasures.
Page 14
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 21 (PDF index) ---
They	had	to	recover	the	stolen	child	safely	before	anything	terrible	happened.
But	 if	 anything,	 I	 was	 hoping	 that	 the	 perpetrators	would	 try	 to	 harm	 the
child.
If	 they	 did,	 I	 would	 have	 good	 reason	 to	 blow	 them	 away,	 and	 this	 entire
nation	along	with	them.
I	was	ordered	to	keep	watch	in	case	any	danger	befell	the	child.	If	it	looked
like	 any	 harm	 might	 come	 to	 them,	 I	 was	 to	 protect	 the	 child	 by	 any	 means
necessary.
If	those	conditions	were	met,	I	would	be	permitted	to	use	force.
I	excel	in	spatial	conjuring	and	could	easily	teleport	to	the	child’s	side	in	an
emergency.
Unless	 anything	 highly	 unusual	 occurred,	 I	 should	 have	 no	 problem	 getting
there	in	time.
So	rather	than	the	incident	ending	peacefully,	I	hoped	that	I	would	have	the
chance	to	show	these	humans	what	would	happen	if	they	tried	to	harm	a	dragon.
That	is	how	much	irrational,	pent-up	anger	was	in	my	mind	at	the	time.
And	to	add	to	that…
“Hey,	buddy.	Don’t	you	know	this	is	our	turf?”
This	encounter	only	added	fuel	to	my	burning	rage.
My	 mistake	 was	 choosing	 a	 dark,	 inconspicuous	 alley	 from	 which	 to	 keep
watch.
Disguised	 as	 a	 human,	 all	 alone	 in	 such	 an	 alley,	 I	 must	 have	 looked	 like
perfect	prey	to	those	ill-bred	buffoons.
Soon	I	was	surrounded	by	good-for-nothing	human	youngsters.
Groups	like	this	seem	to	exist	in	any	world,	any	era.
An	inconvenience,	though	I	did	not	think	so	at	the	time.
My	hand	moved	before	I	could	think.
My	 anger	 was	 already	 at	 its	 boiling	 point,	 and	 in	 those	 days,	 I	 did	 not
distinguish	between	humans.
The	ones	who	kidnapped	the	child,	the	ones	attempting	to	recover	them,	and
the	ones	who	surrounded	me	at	the	time	were	all	just	“humans”	to	me.
And	now	those	humans	were	threatening	me.
I	needed	no	further	reason	to	attack	them.
The	young	delinquents	were	probably	only	thinking	to	threaten	me	and	steal
my	wallet	and	must	not	have	imagined	that	I	would	suddenly	try	to	kill	them.
Certainly,	they	would	never	have	dreamed	that	I	was	actually	a	dragon.
And	 before	 they	 could	 realize	 any	 of	 that,	 my	 fist	 was	 already	 swinging
Page 15
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 22 (PDF index) ---
toward	them,	about	to	rip	them	to	pieces	faster	than	they	could	even	realize	they
were	dead.
But	my	fist	never	reached	them.
Because	someone	grabbed	my	arm	from	behind	before	I	could	strike.
“…?!”
Instinctively,	I	tried	to	hit	whoever	had	grabbed	me	with	my	free	hand.
But	they	blocked	my	backhand	chop,	producing	a	shock	wave.
It	sent	the	delinquents	flying,	but	I	had	no	time	to	worry	about	that.
Because	the	shock	wave	knocked	me	off	my	feet	as	well.
For	a	moment,	I	didn’t	understand	what	had	happened.	I	simply	found	myself
on	the	ground,	looking	up	at	the	sky.
“Warning.	I	cannot	permit	physical	interference	with	the	native	species.”
The	 person	 responsible	 looked	 down	 at	 me	 and	 spoke	 in	 a	 flat,	 mechanical
voice	with	no	audible	trace	of	emotion.
“Hostile	 action	 detected	 from	 dragon	 toward	 native	 species.	 Such	 actions
would	 conflict	 with	 the	 authorized	 mission.	 Further	 attempts	 will	 result	 in
elimination.”
It	was	a	merciless	declaration.
The	speaker	knew	I	was	a	dragon	yet	stated	that	she	would	eliminate	me	if	I
took	action.
And	she	was	powerful	enough	to	make	good	on	those	words.
This	is	the	reason	that	dragons	did	not	attempt	to	rule	the	world,	even	though
they	considered	themselves	a	superior	species.
Because	there	was	an	even	stronger	being	that	protected	the	native	life.
Namely,	the	one	they	now	call	a	goddess:	Sariel.
During	 our	 first	 encounter,	 we	 immediately	 attacked	 each	 other,	 and	 I	 was
knocked	to	the	ground	and	informed	that	I	would	be	eliminated.
That	was	my	first	meeting	with	Sariel.
See?	Not	romantic	in	the	slightest,	is	it?
Page 16
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 23 (PDF index) ---
Page 17
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com