--- PAGE 25 (PDF index) ---
In	the	midst	of	the	dense	forest	stands	a	huge	barrier,	completely	out	of	place	in
nature.
The	Demon	Lord,	the	puppet	spider	sisters,	and	I—six	people	in	total—stand
in	front	of	that	barrier,	away	from	the	rest	of	the	demon	army.
Ahead	 of	 them,	 the	 imperial	 army	 has	 finally	 reached	 the	 outer	 edge	 of	 the
barrier	that	covers	the	elf	village.
All	we	need	to	do	is	get	rid	of	this	barrier	somehow,	and	we	can	invade.
Although	that’s	kind	of	the	problem.
This	barrier	is	ridiculously	tough!
How	tough,	you	ask?	Tough	enough	that	it	wouldn’t	even	budge	if	it	took	a
full-force	breath	attack	from	a	queen	taratect.
What,	you	think	that	example	is	oddly	specific?
That’s	because	I’ve	actually	tested	it	out,	of	course.
See,	the	Great	Garam	Forest	is	known	for	one	other	thing	besides	being	home
to	the	elf	village.
Namely:	it’s	inhabited	by	a	queen	taratect.
Yep,	a	member	of	the	very	same	species	as	my	infamous	mother,	who	lived
in	the	Great	Elroe	Labyrinth,	lives	right	here	in	this	forest.
It’s	easy	enough	to	guess	why,	though.
It’s	here	to	keep	watch	on	Potimas,	the	Demon	Lord’s	mortal	enemy.
The	barrier	prevents	it	from	doing	any	harm	to	the	elf	village,	but	by	staking
out	the	territory	of	a	giant	monster	right	next	door,	it	can	apply	pressure	nonstop.
Thanks	to	this	queen	taratect,	Potimas	can’t	drop	the	barrier	even	if	he	wants
to.
And	in	order	to	avoid	walking	right	into	the	queen	taratect’s	habitat,	the	elves
have	no	choice	but	to	depend	on	long-distance	teleportation	by	way	of	teleport
gates.
Incidentally,	 the	 queen	 taratect	 in	 question	 has	 currently	 been	 evacuated	 to
Page 19
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 26 (PDF index) ---
avoid	getting	in	the	way	of	the	imperial	army’s	invasion.
It’s	on	the	other	side	of	the	elf	village,	of	course!
In	 other	 words,	 the	 elves	 are	 currently	 surrounded	 on	 both	 sides	 by	 the
imperial	army	and	the	queen	taratect’s	swarm	of	spiders.
Sweet!
But	wait!	In	order	to	carry	out	that	pincer	attack,	we’ve	gotta	get	rid	of	the
barrier,	which	even	the	queen’s	breath	attack	couldn’t	crack.
This	barrier	was	apparently	made	with	full	use	of	Potimas’s	stupid	forbidden
knowledge,	and	produces	a	ridiculous	level	of	defense	at	all	times	by	draining	an
exorbitant	amount	of	MA	energy.
Which	means	it’s	been	wasting	tons	of	the	energy	the	system	has	been	slowly
and	steadily	collecting.	Man,	that	pisses	me	off!
Ughhh,	I	wanna	break	this	stupid	thing	to	bits.
But	not	now.	It’s	not	time	for	that	just	yet.
Right	now,	we’re	still	waiting	for	our	signal.
Because	 there’s	 something	 else	 we	 have	 to	 do	 before	 we	 break	 the	 barrier:
destroy	the	teleport	gates.
Teleport	gates	are	a	long-distance	transportation	method	that	anyone	can	use.
In	 the	 case	 of	 the	 elf	 village,	 which	 is	 cut	 off	 by	 the	 barrier,	 it’s	 also	 their
only	connection	to	the	outside	world.
If	we	don’t	destroy	the	teleport	gates,	the	elves	can	still	escape,	even	if	we’ve
got	them	physically	surrounded.
And	then	they’ll	be	in	some	far-off	land	on	the	other	side	of	the	gates.
Even	if	we	tried	to	chase	them	down,	we’d	be	out	of	luck	if	they	destroy	the
teleport	gate	after	they’ve	gotten	away.
Now,	thanks	to	tracking	and	investigation	by	the	Word	of	God	religion	over
many	years,	they	know	about	a	handful	of	teleport	gates.
But	we	can’t	say	for	sure	that	there	aren’t	more	gates	we	don’t	know	about.
So	 our	 plan	 is	 to	 use	 the	 teleport	 gates	 we	do	 know	 of	 to	 invade	 the	 elf
village,	and	destroy	the	teleport	gates	from	the	inside.
Luckily	for	us,	the	teleport	gates	in	the	elf	village	are	apparently	all	built	in
one	place	since	they	have	to	have	a	way	around	the	barrier.
Because	of	the	way	the	barrier	is	built,	they	have	to	make	all	the	gates	in	one
spot,	 where	 they	 temporarily	 make	 a	 hole	 in	 the	 barrier	 that	 connects	 to	 the
outside	to	send	the	elves	on	their	merry	way.
I	discovered	this	while	I	was	investigating	the	barrier.
Since	this	is	Potimas	we’re	talking	about,	I	can’t	say	for	sure	that	there	aren’t
Page 20
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 27 (PDF index) ---
more	 teleport	 gates	 elsewhere,	 but	 I	 didn’t	 find	 any	 other	 weak	 spots	 in	 the
barrier,	which	makes	me	think	those	are	the	only	ones.
Which	means	it’s	possible	to	destroy	all	the	teleport	gates	in	one	go.
So	yeah,	the	signal	we’re	waiting	for	is	a	report	that	our	guy	has	successfully
infiltrated	the	barrier	and	destroyed	the	teleport	gates.
And	who’s	leading	this	secret	mission?	A	reincarnation	named	Kusama.
His	full	name	in	our	old	lives	was	Shinobu	Kusama.
And	his	unique	skill	as	a	reincarnation	is	apparently	“Ninja”…
That’s	totally	just	based	on	his	name,	right?
Isn’t	that	a	little	cheap?
Damn	D,	slacking	off	on	the	job	as	usual…
Anyway,	turns	out	Kusama	was	reborn	into	the	family	that	runs	the	Word	of
God	religion’s	secret	service.
They’re	basically	ninjas	who	serve	the	Word	of	God.
Even	 Potimas	 couldn’t	 extract	 Kusama	 from	 a	 house	 with	 such	 a	 strong
influence	from	the	church,	which	means	he’s	the	one	and	only	reincarnation	who
hasn’t	had	any	encounters	with	the	elves	in	his	life.
Although	 considering	 the	 unique	 circumstances	 he	 was	 born	 into,	 I	 doubt
he’s	had	a	particularly	peaceful	time,	either.
For	 instance,	 he	 was	 thoroughly	 trained	 as	 a	 member	 of	 the	 secret	 service,
and	 his	 unique	 skill	 Ninja	 is	 a	 perfect	 fit	 for	 that,	 making	 him	 surprisingly
strong.
Well,	strong	by	human	standards,	anyway.
But	 it’s	 enough	 that	 a	 little	 breaking	 and	 entering	 to	 blow	 up	 some	 teleport
gates	should	be	a	piece	of	cake	for	him.
By	 the	 way,	 we’re	 using	 Mr.	 Oni’s	 handmade	 exploding	 swords	 for	 the
“blowing	up”	part.
They’re	called	magic	swords,	but	really	they’re	just	bombs.
Plus,	they’re	explosive	enough	that	just	one	of	them	could	wipe	out	all	of	the
teleport	gates	without	issue.
And	Mr.	Oni	is	just	mass-producing	those,	y’know?
He	looks	like	a	swordsman,	but	he’s	more	like	a	demolition	expert,	huh?
That’s	quite	a	scam	if	you	ask	me.
I	even	used	my	threads	to	make	him	a	classic	Japanese-style	getup	that	would
go	with	his	katana	and	everything.
A	sword-wielding	samurai	with	horns!
But	he	actually	just	blows	things	up.
Page 21
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 28 (PDF index) ---
No	waaay.
Anyway,	 turns	 out	 Kusama	 and	 Mr.	 Oni	 were	 pretty	 good	 friends	 back	 in
their	previous	lives;	when	we	were	meeting	with	the	Word	of	God	church,	they
met	up	a	few	times	and	renewed	their	old	friendship,	I	guess.
Maybe	Mr.	Oni	gave	him	the	exploding	sword	as	a	parting	gift	kinda	thing?
I	wouldn’t	know,	since	I	have	no	old	friends	to	get	reacquainted	with!
Not	that	I’m	jealous	or	anything!
As	I	get	weirdly	defensive	in	my	own	internal	monologue,	I	peer	inside	the
barrier.
It’s	transparent	enough	that	you	can	see	through	it	from	the	outside.
That	 means	 visible	 light	 rays	 must	 be	 able	 to	 pass	 through,	 and	 I	 assume
oxygen	and	stuff	too,	since	it’s	presumably	not	airtight.
You’d	 think	 that	 would	 allow	 for	 a	 certain	 amount	 of	 shenanigans,	 but	 I’m
sure	 the	 Demon	 Lord	 and	 the	 Pontiff	 and	 such	 have	 already	 tested	 out	 any
theories	 I	 might	 come	 up	 with,	 meaning	 there	 must	 be	 some	 kind	 of
countermeasures	in	place	for	that	sort	of	thing.
Man,	what	a	pain-in-the-ass	barrier.
Although	busting	it	open	will	be	a	walk	in	the	park	for	yours	truly!
This	is	the	plan	for	once	Kusama	successfully	destroys	the	teleport	gates:
First,	I’m	gonna	pop	the	barrier	around	the	elf	village	like	a	balloon.
We’ve	 set	 it	 up	 to	 look	 like	 the	 imperial	 army	 used	 some	 new	 kind	 of
massive	magic	to	destroy	it,	which	should	make	for	a	good	distraction.
Then	Natsume	and	the	imperial	army	will	advance.
He’s	 pissed	 off	 more	 than	 a	 few	 people,	 so	 I’m	 sure	 the	 elves	 will	 rush	 to
destroy	him	right	away.
At	 the	 very	 least,	 I’m	 guessing	 Yamada	 and	 friends	 will	 head	 over	 to	 fight
him.
In	fact,	I	kind	of	need	them	to	do	that.
I’ve	got	to	avoid	letting	Yamada	run	into	the	Demon	Lord,	no	matter	what.
Hopefully,	 though,	 I	 can	 count	 on	 Güli-güli’s	 clone	 Hyrince	 to	 take	 care	 of
that.
Hyrince,	you’ve	got	this,	right,	buddy?
I’m	counting	on	you	to	steer	him	in	the	right	direction,	mm’kay?
At	any	rate,	while	the	elves	have	their	eyes	on	the	imperial	army,	the	demon
army	will	start	advancing,	too,	and	attack	the	elves	from	the	side.
Mera	and	Mr.	Oni	are	in	charge	of	directing	the	demon	army,	and	Vampy	is
up	ahead	with	the	imperial	army.	No	problems	there.
Page 22
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 29 (PDF index) ---
Phelmina’s	with	the	latter,	too,	just	in	case	anything	goes	wrong.
Even	 if	 the	 elves	 have	 more	 forces	 than	 we	 were	 expecting,	 that	 crew	 can
stick	it	out	and	destroy	them	without	any	major	losses,	I’m	sure.
Frankly,	I’m	pretty	sure	Vampy	and	Mr.	Oni	could	handle	it	all	on	their	own.
And	then,	while	the	elves	are	forced	to	fight	the	imperial	army	and	the	demon
army	on	two	fronts,	I’ll	throw	in	a	taratect	troop	free	of	charge.
It	even	comes	with	a	queen!
One	queen	alone	is	a	force	to	be	reckoned	with,	and	then	there	are	fourteen
archs.
And	fifty-one	greaters.
Plus	a	whole	bunch	of	others.
Honestly,	wouldn’t	that	lineup	alone	be	enough	to	take	out	the	elves?
That’d	kill	most	people	for	sure.
I’m	 expecting	 a	 nice	 horrific	 battlefield	 straight	 out	 of	 hell	 itself,	 during
which	the	Demon	Lord	and	I	will	sneak	into	the	heart	of	the	elf	village.
Mostly	to	scoop	up	the	reincarnations,	murder	the	real	Potimas	once	and	for
all,	that	kinda	thing.
If	we	can	take	out	Potimas’s	real	body,	then	this	war	is	as	good	as	won.
We’ve	already	gotten	rid	of	all	the	fake	bodies	he	had	outside	the	elf	village.
I’m	 pretty	 sure	 the	 one	 Vampy	 destroyed	 in	 the	 kingdom	 was	 the	 last	 of
them.
We	had	to	do	a	little	coup	d’état	in	the	kingdom	and	put	Yamada	and	friends
through	 hell	 just	 to	 get	 at	 that	 last	 Potimas	 clone,	 but	 hey,	 what	 choice	 did	 we
have?
It’s	Potimas’s	fault	for	getting	up	to	no	good	in	the	kingdom.
Blame	him,	not	me.
Anyway,	 it	 was	 worth	 all	 the	 trouble,	 because	 we	 were	 able	 to	 get	 rid	 of
Potimas’s	influence	there,	including	his	clone	body.
Even	if	we	missed	one,	Potimas	can’t	transfer	his	main	self	into	a	substitute
body	like	I	can.
He’s	only	got	one	real	body,	and	the	rest	are	just	fakes	that	he	operates	from
afar.
So	if	we	can	just	kill	the	real	thing,	any	extra	clones	won’t	make	a	difference
anymore.
The	 imperial	 army,	 the	 demon	 army,	 and	 even	 the	 taratect	 troop	 are	 all
decoys.
As	the	first	decoys	we’re	sending	in,	the	imperial	army	will	probably	take	a
Page 23
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 30 (PDF index) ---
considerable	amount	of	losses,	but	they’ve	been	disposable	from	the	beginning
anyway.
All	we	really	need	them	to	do	is	bait	out	the	elves.
Then	we	just	use	the	demon	army	and	the	taratects	to	keep	them	busy.
Amid	 all	 that	 chaos,	 the	 Demon	 Lord	 and	 I	 will	 make	 our	 move,	 the	 real
objective.
The	 two	 of	 us	 are	 honestly	 stronger	 than	 all	 those	 other	 armies	 combined,
anyway.
And	at	the	moment,	we’re	glaring	daggers	at	each	other.
“No	matter	what	you	say,	White,	this	is	the	one	thing	I	won’t	budge	on.”
“I	told	you,	no	deal.”
The	air	crackles	with	tension	between	us.
The	Demon	Lord’s	puppet	spiders,	who	are	riding	in	the	same	carriage,	are
trembling	with	terror	at	the	electric	atmosphere.
We	continue	staring	down	each	other,	neither	willing	to	give	up.
What	 are	 we	 arguing	 over,	 you	 ask?	 The	 question	 of	 who	 gets	 to	 finish	 off
Potimas.
I	wanna	beat	that	guy	to	a	pulp,	especially	after	what	he’s	done	to	Ms.	Oka.
That	 bastard	 fooled	 the	 teacher	 who	 saved	 me	 in	 my	 previous	 life,	 worked
her	 to	 the	 bone	 to	 gather	 the	 reincarnations	 for	 him,	 and	 even	 put	 a	 parasitic
piece	of	his	soul	in	hers	so	that	he	can	use	her	as	a	host	body	later!
You	think	I’m	gonna	let	him	off	easy	after	all	that?
As	 another	 point	 in	 my	 favor,	 I’m	 also	 stronger	 than	 the	 Demon	 Lord,
making	it	safer	for	me	to	dispose	of	Potimas	since	we	still	don’t	know	what	he
might	be	capable	of.
On	the	other	hand,	the	Demon	Lord	knows	that	full	well,	and	still	insists	she
wants	to	fight	him.
Sure,	 she’s	 got	 a	 very	 long	 history	 of	 Potimas	 screwing	 her	 over	 at	 every
turn.
I’m	sure	her	feelings	run	far	deeper	than	mine	in	that	regard.
But	this	is	Potimas	Harrifenas	we’re	talking	about	here.
The	guy	who’s	been	opposing	the	entire	world	on	his	own	behind	the	scenes,
all	this	time.
Based	 on	 our	 battles	 thus	 far,	 I	 predict	 that	 Potimas’s	 power	 is	 at	 least	 as
strong	as	the	Demon	Lord’s.
If	 there’s	 even	 a	 tiny	 chance	 of	 the	 Demon	 Lord	 getting	 killed	 over
something	this	stupid,	I’d	much	rather	take	the	safest	route	possible.
Page 24
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 31 (PDF index) ---
But	even	after	I	explained	all	this,	the	Demon	Lord	still	refuses	to	budge.
Now,	if	that	were	the	whole	story,	it	wouldn’t	be	such	a	big	deal.
I’m	certainly	dying	to	rip	Potimas	apart	with	my	bare	hands,	but	I’m	sure	the
Demon	Lord	feels	the	same	way,	and	probably	much	more	intensely.
I	wouldn’t	mind	letting	her	deal	the	final	blow.
If	she	would	let	me	help	before	then.
“At	least	let	me	lend	a	hand.”
“Nope.	This	is	my	fight.	No	one	else	is	allowed	to	intervene.	Sounds	pretty
cool,	right?”
This	is	the	problem.
The	Demon	Lord	insists	that	she’s	going	to	settle	things	all	on	her	own.
Without	an	ounce	of	my	help,	or	any	of	her	subordinates’.
She	wants	to	put	an	end	to	their	long-standing	enmity,	one-on-one.
Even	though	she	just	said	earlier	that	it’s	not	like	she	doesn’t	need	my	help.
“I	know	I’m	being	unreasonable.	But	I	won’t	change	my	mind	on	this.	I’ve
got	to	settle	things	with	Potimas	all	on	my	own.	He’s	the	one	who…”
The	Demon	Lord	trails	off,	but	there’s	grim	determination	in	her	eyes.
When	she	gives	me	that	look,	it	makes	me	feel	like	I’m	the	one	in	the	wrong.
“You	know	you	might	die,	right?”
“Of	course.	It’s	not	like	I’ve	got	much	time	left	to	begin	with,	anyway.	If	I
die	 here,	 I	 won’t	 have	 any	 regrets.	 Especially	 since	 I	 know	 that	 you’d	 finish
Potimas	off	for	me	if	that	happened.”
I	 can’t	 believe	 she	 can	 say	 something	 along	 the	 lines	 of	 “if	 I	 die,	 at	 least
Potimas	will	go	down	with	me”	with	a	straight	face.
Ahh…
No	waaay.
I	heave	a	long	sigh.
How	am	I	supposed	to	stick	to	my	guns	after	she	says	something	like	that?
The	Demon	Lord	is	willing	to	bet	the	entirety	of	her	long	life	on	challenging
Potimas.
She’s	laying	her	pride	on	the	line.
I	can’t	exactly	take	that	away	from	her,	can	I?
The	 worst	 part	 is,	 she	 definitely	 put	 it	 that	 way	 knowing	 full	 well	 that	 I’d
have	no	choice	but	to	back	down.
“You’d	better	not.”
“Huh?”
“You’d	 better	 not	 die.	 If	 you	 die,	 I’m	 gonna	 ditch	 this	 whole	 stupid	 world
Page 25
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 32 (PDF index) ---
without	a	second	thought.	You	have	to	promise	to	stay	alive	so	I	won’t	have	to
do	anything	that	irresponsible.	All	right?”
“…You	got	it,	boss.”
I	can’t	bear	to	look	at	the	Demon	Lord’s	teary-eyed	smile	as	she	salutes	me,
so	I	turn	away.
Luckily,	 at	 that	 moment,	 I	 catch	 sight	 of	 a	 perfectly	 timed	 explosion	 in	 the
distance.
Looks	like	Kusama	succeeded	in	blowing	up	the	teleport	gates,	then.
Now	I’m	free	to	bust	this	barrier	wide	open.
And	 so,	 I	 pull	 out	 a	 certain	 item	 that	 I’ve	 been	 keeping	 in	 an	 alternate
dimension.
“Wha—?”
The	 Demon	 Lord	 stares	 at	 it	 blankly,	 a	 question	 mark	 practically	 hovering
above	her	head.
I	can’t	say	I	blame	her.
Since	what	I	pulled	out	is	a	baseball	bat.
It’s	one	of	the	gag	gifts	I	picked	up	when	I	searched	D’s	house.
When	you	swing	this	bat,	you’re	guaranteed	to	hit	a	home	run	on	any	ball.
Which	 sounds	 like	 a	 vaguely	 familiar	 magical	 effect,	 but	 that’s	 not	 all	 this
particular	bat	does.
If	you	hit	a	living	thing	with	this	bat,	you’ll	also	get	a	home	run.
I	know	that	sounds	like	nonsense,	but	basically,	it’ll	send	the	target	flying.
Like,	ridiculously	far,	against	all	the	laws	of	physics.
And	yet	it	only	causes	a	tiny	bit	of	damage.
No	matter	how	far	they	fly,	and	how	hard	they	hit	the	ground	afterward,	it’ll
only	hurt	a	tiny	little	bit.
No	 matter	 how	 tightly	 you	 grip	 the	 bat	 and	 how	 hard	 you	 swing	 it,	 the
damage	doesn’t	go	past	a	certain	threshold.
Yeah,	it	doesn’t	make	any	sense.
But	as	absurd	as	it	is,	it	really	can	send	things	flying	like	no	one’s	business.
Gag	gift	or	not,	it’s	still	a	genuine	god-tier	artifact	straight	from	D’s	home.
But	the	effect	is	extremely	limited—it	only	works	on	balls	and	living	things.
The	 ball	 thing	 makes	 sense,	 but	 why	 living	 things	 are	 considered	 a	 valid
home	run	target	is	a	total	mystery	to	me…
Either	way,	it	absolutely	won’t	work	on	anything	else.
So	hitting	the	barrier	with	this	bat	won’t	do	a	damn	thing.
But!	I’ve	got	a	workaround	for	that!
Page 26
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 33 (PDF index) ---
Next,	I	produce	a	giant	white	scythe,	my	primary	weapon.
My	scythe	in	my	right	hand.	The	bat	in	my	left.
I	take	a	deep	breath…
“Fusion!”
…and	smash	the	two	together!
“Uhhhh…”
Behind	me,	the	Demon	Lord	utters	a	groan	of	disbelief.
Okay,	I	know	it	 looks	like	I’m	being	so	stupid	that	you’re	probably	tempted
to	pretend	you	don’t	know	me,	but	this	is	actually	an	insanely	dangerous	thing
I’m	doing,	all	right?!
Silly	or	not,	one	of	these	is	a	godly	weapon	handmade	by	D.
And	I’m	trying	to	fuse	it	with	my	main	weapon.
Honestly,	the	bat	is	technically	a	better	item	than	the	scythe.
(Even	though	it’s	just	a	stupid	gag	gift…)
Which	means	this	particular	fusion	is	actually	really,	really	hard.
Why	am	I	doing	it	so	last-minute?	Well,	by	my	calculations,	even	if	I	fail,	I
should	at	least	produce	enough	power	to	destroy	the	barrier.
If	that	happens,	the	bat	will	probably	disappear,	and	my	scythe	will	stay	the
same,	or	get	weaker	in	the	worst-case	scenario.
But	it’s	still	worth	a	shot.
Because	if	I	succeed,	I	can	make	my	scythe	even	stronger!
So	c’moooooon!
Please	wooooork!
The	scythe	and	bat	glow	in	my	hands,	and	the	bat	starts	getting	absorbed	by
the	scythe.
I	can	tell	an	insane	amount	of	energy	is	flooding	into	my	scythe.
All	that	crazy	energy	prompts	me	to	hold	the	still-glowing	scythe	aloft.
It’s	just	about	time	for	the	imperial	army	to	use	their	massive	magic.
All	I	have	to	do	is	give	this	thing	a	good	swing	at	the	same	time.
All	right,	then.
White	steps	up	to	the	batter’s	box!
A	swing…and	a	hit!
It’s	a	home	run!
Can	you	believe	it,	folks?!
The	 scythe	 cut	 through	 the	 barrier	 like	 butter	 and	 smashed	 it	 to	 bits,	 no
sweat!
…Man,	that	bat	must’ve	been	ridiculously	powerful	to	destroy	that	barrier	so
Page 27
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 34 (PDF index) ---
easily.
I	check	on	the	scythe	in	my	hand.
I	don’t	feel	the	same	amount	of	enormous	energy	as	before.
Hrmm.	 It	 seems	 like	 the	 fusion	 worked	 in	 theory,	 but	 maybe	 it	 only
strengthened	it	a	little	bit?
I	guess	breaking	the	barrier	probably	used	up	most	of	the	energy,	and	the	rest
was	absorbed	by	the	scythe.
It	does	seem	a	little	bit	stronger	than	before.
Well,	I’d	say	we	can	call	that	a	success.
“Uh,	 White?	 What	 was	 that	 bat	 with	 the	 extremely	 threatening	 aura	 just
now?”
“Don’t	you	realize	there	are	lots	of	things	in	this	world	you’re	better	off	not
knowing,	Demon	Lord?”
I	 would	 prefer	 that	 the	 Demon	 Lord	 not	 ask	 too	 many	 questions	 about	 the
deus	ex	machina	item	D	created.
The	more	useful	it	is,	the	more	it	probably	screws	you	over	once	you’ve	used
it.
I	mean,	this	is	D	we’re	talking	about,	y’know?
Isn’t	it	terrifyingly	likely	that	it’s	super	cursed	or	something?
I	did	check	it	over	very	thoroughly	for	that	kind	of	thing	before	I	used	it,	but
still.
Knowing	 D,	 it	 wouldn’t	 be	 too	 surprising	 if	 she	 found	 a	 way	 to	 hide
something	that	I	wouldn’t	pick	up	on	until	it	was	too	late.
But	still,	I’m	not	gonna	not	use	it.
It’s	just	so	damn	useful!
And	 if	 I	 hadn’t	 actually	 used	 that	 bat	 to	 destroy	 the	 barrier,	 it	 probably
would’ve	taken	way	longer.
Anyway,	right	now	all	that	matters	is	taking	action.
I	 use	 my	 Panoptic	 Vision	 to	 get	 a	 bird’s-eye	 view	 of	 the	 elf	 village,	 where
they’re	all	totally	freaking	out	about	the	barrier	disappearing,	while	Natsume	is
triumphantly	leading	the	imperial	army	to	march	right	in.
Taking	a	glance	at	the	reincarnations’	area,	it	doesn’t	look	like	the	elves	are
going	to	do	anything	to	them,	at	least	not	yet.
Hmm,	well,	I	guess	I	can	leave	them	alone	for	now.
“All	right,	let’s	go.”
We’d	 better	 take	 care	 of	 our	 business	 while	 the	 elves	 are	 distracted	 by	 the
imperial	army.
Page 28
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 35 (PDF index) ---
So	it’s	time	to	move.
I	take	the	lead,	with	the	Demon	Lord	and	company	following	close	behind.
If	I	were	on	my	own,	I	could	teleport	all	over	the	place,	but	the	Demon	Lord
can’t	do	that.
Besides,	I’m	pretty	sure	he’d	pick	up	on	the	disturbance	in	space	and	figure
out	what	we’re	up	to	if	I	tried	teleporting.
It’s	possible	he’s	already	on	to	us	anyway,	but	it’s	equally	possible	that	he’s
not.	We	might	as	well	try	to	be	stealthy	about	it.
We	push	onward,	picking	areas	without	any	elves	around.
I	 zip	 through	 the	 forest	 just	 slowly	 enough	 for	 the	 puppet	 spiders	 to	 barely
keep	up.
At	 the	 same	 time,	 I	 focus	 on	 searching	 the	 entire	 elf	 village	 with	 Panoptic
Vision,	but	I	can’t	figure	out	where	Potimas	is.
He	must	be	very	carefully	hidden,	then.
It’s	typical	of	him	to	be	so	paranoid.
But	the	fact	that	I	can’t	find	him	still	gives	me	a	hint	as	to	where	he	might	be.
If	I	can’t	see	him	after	searching	this	carefully,	that	means	he’s	somewhere	I
can’t	search.
There’s	no	way	he’s	not	in	the	village,	though.
Potimas	would	never	use	such	a	powerful	barrier	only	to	risk	leaving	his	real
body	outside.
He	has	to	be	somewhere	inside	the	safety	of	the	barrier.
And	also	somehow	in	a	place	where	I	can’t	find	him.
With	that	much	figured	out,	I	can	easily	guess	where	he	might	be.
Underground.
Since	I	couldn’t	locate	him	after	a	thorough	search	aboveground,	he	must	be
below.
So	now,	we	have	to	find	the	passage	that	leads	down	there.
We	won’t	have	to	look	very	hard,	though.
I	 didn’t	 see	 any	 of	 the	 super-advanced	 robots	 that	 Potimas	 definitely	 has
anywhere	 aboveground,	 so	 they	 must	 be	 underground	 along	 with	 the	 real
Potimas.
There’s	no	way	he’ll	be	able	to	withstand	this	invasion	without	using	them.
He’s	bound	to	send	out	the	robots	at	some	point.
Then	we	just	have	to	bust	into	wherever	the	robots	appear	from.
That	should	lead	us	right	to	the	real	Potimas.
Sure	enough,	the	ground	suddenly	cracks	open	a	few	miles	ahead	of	us,	and
Page 29
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 36 (PDF index) ---
robots	start	shuffling	out	one	after	another.
Wowzers.
These	things	look	like	they	came	straight	out	of	some	space-war	movie.
Four	arms,	and	four	legs.
The	four	arms	all	end	in	guns,	too.
These	 are	 some	 super	 sci-fi	 robots,	 sticking	 out	 like	 sore	 thumbs	 in	 this
fantasy	world.
As	soon	as	the	robots	emerge,	they	start	gunning	straight	for	us.
Looks	like	the	enemy’s	already	located	our	little	team,	then.
The	robots	use	their	four	legs	skillfully	to	bound	through	the	forest.
Boy,	that’s	fast.
In	terms	of	stats,	their	average	is	probably	around	five	thousand	per	unit?
That	 kind	 of	 speed	 is	 a	 fart	 in	 the	 wind	 to	 the	 Demon	 Lord	 and	 me,	 but	 it
could	give	the	puppet	spiders	a	run	for	their	money,	maybe.
The	puppet	spiders’	stats	average	over	ten	thousand,	but	we	don’t	know	what
kind	of	firepower	those	robots	are	loaded	with,	and	more	importantly,	there’s	a
bunch	of	them.
“Incoming,”	I	tell	the	Demon	Lord	shortly.	“I’ll	deal	with	it.”
Then	 I	 speed	 ahead,	 and	 before	 the	 robots	 even	 come	 into	 visible	 range,	 I
activate	a	conjuring.
Black	bullets	sail	straight	toward	the	robot	corps.
As	soon	as	they	hit,	the	robots	go	down,	falling	apart	immediately.
…Huh.
Is	that	the	best	Potimas	can	do?
No,	surely	not.
I’m	sure	he’s	got	more	up	his	sleeve	than	this	fragile	junk.
But	either	way,	now	we’ve	found	the	entrance	to	the	underground.
I	ignore	the	broken	remains	of	the	robots	and	move	forward,	arriving	at	the
area	the	robots	emerged	from.
The	hatch	hurriedly	tries	to	slide	shut,	but	I	stop	it	with	sheer	force.
In	fact,	I	kinda	broke	the	hatch.
Beyond	it	is	a	steep	downward	slope.
Potimas	is	down	here	somewhere.
I	 signal	 the	 Demon	 Lord	 with	 my	 eyes,	 and	 she	 nods	 silently	 and	 heads
down.
From	here	on	out,	the	Demon	Lord	is	on	her	own.
That’s	what	she	wants,	after	all.
Page 30
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 37 (PDF index) ---
We	won’t	interfere.
But	I	did	send	a	miniscule	spider	clone	after	her,	just	to	watch	over	the	battle.
Don’t	die	on	me,	Demon	Lord.
Meanwhile,	it’s	time	to	get	down	to	business.
Page 31
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com