--- PAGE 38 (PDF index) ---
Infuriatingly	 enough,	 the	 man	 called	 Potimas	 Harrifenas	 has	 played	 an
inextricable	part	in	a	large	portion	of	my	life.
From	the	moment	of	my	birth	to	the	present	day,	I’ve	always	been	haunted
by	that	man’s	shadow.
The	reason	is	simple,	though	I	am	especially	loath	to	acknowledge	it:	He	is
my	father,	if	only	by	blood.
Certainly	he	has	never	once	treated	me	as	a	daughter.
It	 doesn’t	 matter	 now,	 and	 I	 have	 no	 way	 of	 confirming	 this	 anyway,	 but	 I
suspect	he	never	even	recorded	my	birth	in	his	family	register	or	anything	of	the
sort.
In	other	words,	he	refused	to	acknowledge	me.
That	goes	without	saying,	since	to	him	I	was	nothing	more	than	a	lab	rat	for
his	experiments.
My	earliest	memory	is	of	lying	in	a	bed	in	a	laboratory,	or	something	of	the
sort.
Obviously,	I	don’t	remember	the	details	at	this	point,	but	I	know	I	was	lying
in	that	place	for	a	very	long	time.
Or	maybe	it	would	be	more	accurate	to	say	that	I	had	no	other	choice	but	to
lie	there.
I	was	bedridden	day	and	night,	without	the	ability	to	even	sit	up.
By	the	time	I	had	any	self-awareness,	I	was	already	in	that	condition.
Fortunately,	 I	 naturally	 picked	 up	 the	 ability	 to	 understand	 language,
probably	because	the	television	was	always	on	in	that	room.
Since	 Potimas	 generally	 chose	 educational	 programs	 for	 me	 to	 watch,	 I
picked	up	a	decent	amount	of	knowledge	without	ever	leaving	my	bed,	too.
Although	 I’m	 sure	 that	 was	 just	 part	 of	 his	 experiment,	 to	 see	 if	 I	 would
develop	intelligence	at	a	normal	human	rate.
Yes,	it	was	all	an	experiment.
Page 32
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 39 (PDF index) ---
That	is	the	reason	I	was	born.
I	never	knew	my	mother.
In	fact,	I	don’t	know	if	I	even	had	one.
Because	I	am	not	just	an	ordinary	human.
I	am	a	chimera,	the	subject	Potimas	was	studying	at	the	time.
A	 chimera	 is	 made	 when	 factors	 from	 different	 creatures	 are	 combined	 to
create	a	new	species.	I	am	the	result	of	one	such	experiment.
When	 I	 say	 Potimas	 is	 my	 father,	 I	 don’t	 mean	 that	 he	 impregnated	 my
hypothetical	mother,	and	she	later	gave	birth	to	me.
I	only	mean	that	I	am	a	chimera	that	was	based	on	Potimas’s	genes.
I	still	don’t	know	if	I	was	born	in	a	test	tube,	or	if	I	really	did	have	a	mother.
At	this	point,	I	have	no	way	of	finding	out.
Though	 I	 suspect	 it	 is	 closer	 to	 the	 former.	 I	 assume	 my	 creation	 did	 not
involve	a	mother’s	womb.
Based	 on	 my	 physical	 makeup,	 I	 doubt	 any	 mother	 of	 mine	 would	 have
survived	carrying	me	to	term.
It’s	the	same	reason	that	I	was	forcibly	confined	to	a	bedridden	lifestyle.
Namely:	I	am	venomous.
I	 was	 evidently	 created	 using	 DNA	 from	 various	 creatures,	 with	 Potimas’s
genes	 as	 a	 base,	 but	 it	 seems	 that	 the	 strongest	 influence	 of	 all	 came	 from	 the
DNA	of	a	spider.
My	body	has	the	ability	to	produce	poison.
There	was	no	way	of	knowing	at	the	time	that	this	came	from	the	spider;	my
appearance	was	completely	human,	and	I	didn’t	have	any	other	spiderlike	traits.
I	only	learned	this	much	later,	when	the	system	was	put	into	place,	and	many
of	my	skills	and	titles	were	spider-related.
In	those	days,	all	I	knew	was	that	the	poison	was	eating	away	at	my	body.
Yes,	while	my	body	produced	poison,	it	unfortunately	did	not	have	the	ability
to	process	that	poison.
Thus,	my	body	was	constantly	being	corroded	by	my	own	poison,	making	it
impossible	for	me	to	live	a	normal	life.
The	 only	 way	 my	 body	 could	 survive	 at	 all	 was	 to	 lie	 in	 bed	 and	 receive
nutrients	and	poison-neutralizing	medicine	through	a	constant	IV	drip.
I	wasn’t	truly	living.	I	was	merely	being	kept	alive.
And	I	was	treated	as	nothing	but	a	lab	rat	all	the	while,	occasionally	having
blood	samples	taken	and	such.
Potimas	doesn’t	have	a	shred	of	emotion	or	empathy.	Perhaps	he	would	have
Page 33
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 40 (PDF index) ---
eventually	euthanized	me	once	he	finished	collecting	data	from	my	body.
Fortunately,	I	was	rescued	by	Lady	Sariel	before	that	happened.
In	 a	 rare	 moment	 for	 Potimas,	 he	 apparently	 made	 some	 kind	 of	 major
blunder	 not	 long	 before	 I	 was	 rescued,	 and	 the	 resulting	 investigation	 spread
worldwide.
Then	 other	 chimera	 children	 like	 me	 who	 were	 being	 used	 as	 lab	 rats	 were
found	all	over	the	world,	and	Lady	Sariel	led	the	Sariella	Foundation	in	taking
them	in.
Because	many	of	the	other	chimera	children	had	unusual	circumstances	like
me,	normal	orphanages	couldn’t	take	them	in,	and	medical	institutions	had	to	be
involved.
At	first,	society	itself	was	also	unsure	how	to	handle	chimeras	like	us,	and	so
there	were	often	fights	over	citizenship	and	such,	too.
And	some	of	the	children	had	unique	traits	that	could	be	dangerous,	useful,	or
both,	making	the	handling	of	chimeras	a	delicate	matter.
Thus,	out	of	all	the	interested	parties,	it	was	the	Sariella	Foundation	that	was
chosen	 to	 handle	 the	 affair:	 a	 charitable	 organization	 that	 didn’t	 belong	 to	 any
particular	nation.
The	 Sariella	 Foundation	 had	 ties	 both	 to	 health	 care	 and	 orphanage
administration,	 and	 because	 they	 had	 no	 regional	 affiliation,	 they	 could	 be
completely	neutral.
They	certainly	wouldn’t	use	the	chimeras	as	living	weapons.
It	was	the	perfect	organization	to	entrust	with	their	care.
Some	nations	tried	to	keep	useful-seeming	chimeras	for	themselves,	but	since
the	 president	 of	 the	 Foundation,	 Lady	 Sariel	 herself,	 always	 showed	 up	 on	 the
scene	in	person,	there	were	few	instances	of	this	succeeding.
Of	course,	it	was	only	after	the	system	was	put	in	place	that	we	discovered
that	there	had	been	a	few	exceptions	after	all.
Even	Lady	Sariel	and	the	Sariella	Foundation	couldn’t	save	all	of	them.
But	even	so,	Lady	Sariel	gave	it	her	all	to	save	as	many	of	us	as	she	could,	to
take	us	all	in.
Even	chimeras	like	me,	who	were	likely	on	the	verge	of	death.
Both	physically	and	mentally.
It	may	have	ended	in	tragedy,	but	the	fact	remains	that	Lady	Sariel	gathered
us	up	and	saved	us.
The	chimera	children	lived	together	in	a	nameless	orphanage.
They	were	my	brothers	and	sisters.
Page 34
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 41 (PDF index) ---
And	those	days	in	the	orphanage	with	them	were	by	far	the	happiest	times	of
my	life.
Which	 is	 exactly	 why	 I	 can’t	 let	 Potimas	 get	 away	 with	 stealing	 that	 precious
happiness.
I	will	destroy	him	with	my	own	hands.
…No	matter	the	cost.
Page 35
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 42 (PDF index) ---
“How	pathetic.”
A	deeply	unpleasant	voice	echoes	from	some	hidden	speaker.
“Of	course	that	was	the	best	you	could	do.	The	only	one	I	need	to	be	cautious
of	 is	 Güliedistodiez.	 Did	 you	 really	 think	 you	 could	 defeat	 me,	 when	 I	 have
prepared	myself	for	battle	against	nothing	short	of	a	god?	That	is	why	you	will
never	be	anything	more	than	a	pathetic	little	girl.”
Is	it	my	imagination,	or	is	he	talking	more	than	usual?
Perhaps	I	should	be	happy	about	that,	at	least.
“Still,	we	have	known	each	other	for	so	many	years	now.	It	would	be	rude	to
hold	back	against	you	in	your	final	hour.	I	believe	you	have	earned	the	right	to
be	 defeated	 by	 the	 full	 extent	 of	 my	 power.	 So	 I	 have	 deemed	 you	 worthy	 of
using	this	Gloria	Type	Ω,	which	I	created	to	fight	Güliedistodiez.”
The	voice	over	the	speaker	coolly	gives	an	assessment	I	didn’t	ask	for.
Before	my	eyes,	looking	down	upon	me,	is	a	mechanical	weapon.
“What	an	emotional	moment.	Our	long	years	together	will	finally	come	to	an
end,	here	and	now.	I	can	finally	wipe	the	slate	clean	without	a	trace.	Farewell	to
you,	my	greatest	failure.”
Then	the	machine	swings	its	sword	down	at	me.
Page 36
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com