--- PAGE 44 (PDF index) ---
If	 you’re	 wondering	 what	 happened	 after	 that	 impactful	 first	 meeting	 between
Sariel	and	me,	the	answer	is	“not	very	much.”
I	sensed	the	difference	in	our	strength	and	surrendered	immediately.
The	 humans	 who	 were	 working	 to	 rescue	 the	 dragon	 child	 happened	 to
succeed	 at	 precisely	 that	 moment,	 and	 so	 we	 parted	 without	 any	 further
clarification.
I	 had	 to	 collect	 the	 child	 from	 the	 human	 rescuers,	 and	 Sariel	 vanished	 as
soon	as	she	judged	that	the	incident	was	over.
We	had	no	further	communication	after	that.
And	I	assumed	we	would	never	see	each	other	again.
Sariel	and	the	dragons	were	essentially	in	a	continuous	cold	war.
We	rarely	interacted	unless	one	side	deliberately	tried	to	contact	the	other.
In	 other	 words,	 young	 dragons	 such	 as	 myself	 had	 no	 official	 interactions
with	Sariel.
But	unofficially	was	a	different	story.
I	 had	 never	 been	 knocked	 off	 my	 feet	 by	 anyone	 but	 a	 fellow	 dragon,	 you
see.
So	I	was	now	very	intrigued	about	Sariel.
I	suppose	our	meeting	was	just	that	impactful	to	me.
Of	course,	at	this	stage,	I	hadn’t	yet	developed	any	kind	of	romantic	feelings.
I	 do	 not	 believe	 that	 I	 am	 the	 sort	 of	 person	 who	 would	 fall	 in	 love	 with
someone	merely	because	they	punched	me,	or	anything	so	perverse.
If	 anything,	 I	 imagine	 it	 was	 more	 out	 of	 self-preservation	 than	 mere
curiosity.
Since	I	had	spent	my	life	in	the	small	community	of	dragons,	the	being	called
Sariel	was	the	first	enemy	I	had	met	from	the	outside	world.
It	is	a	natural	instinct	to	prepare	oneself	against	enemies,	is	it	not?
And	so,	I	investigated	Sariel	and	began	observing	her.
Page 38
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 45 (PDF index) ---
Much	later,	a	certain	someone	shocked	me	by	describing	this	as	“stalker”-like
behavior,	but	in	retrospect	that	memory	too	makes	me	smile.
I	do	not	know	how	long	exactly	Sariel	has	been	on	this	planet.
She	was	here	long	before	dragons	came	to	this	land,	that	much	is	certain.
Poring	over	human	history,	one	can	find	images	of	a	Sariel-like	figure	here
and	there.
In	 other	 words,	 she	 was	 already	 here	 by	 the	 time	 humans	 began	 to	 record
their	history.
So	what	is	Sariel,	exactly?
The	answer	is	that	she	is	an	angel.
In	fact,	she	is	a	lost	angel	who	strayed	from	the	rest	of	her	kind.
What	is	an	angel?
I	cannot	give	a	clear	answer	to	that	question.
What	is	a	dragon?	What	is	a	human?
These	answers	are	just	as	impossible	to	define.
If	 I	 were	 to	 put	 aside	 such	 philosophizing	 and	 answer	 more	 practically,	 I
suppose	I	would	list	the	traits	of	the	species	known	as	“angels.”
In	short,	angels	are	a	race	that	war	against	the	gods.
For	some	reason,	they	consider	it	their	mission	to	destroy	any	and	all	godly
beings,	and	thus	they	are	locked	in	an	endless	conflict.
I	am	told	that	angels	will	attack	any	god,	no	matter	their	affiliation.
Though	this	is	only	hearsay,	as	I	do	not	know	any	angels	other	than	Sariel.
Why	do	angels	view	gods	with	such	hostility?
This,	too,	I	cannot	say.
In	truth,	there	are	many	mysteries	surrounding	the	race	of	angels.
Even	the	angels	themselves	do	not	have	all	the	answers,	or	so	I	hear.
It	is	said	that	angels	suddenly	appeared	in	ancient	times,	long,	long	before	I
was	born.
Some	 even	 theorize	 based	 on	 this	 sudden	 emergence,	 and	 their	 devotion	 to
their	mission,	that	perhaps	they	were	created	by	some	higher	being.
Even	wilder	theories	suggest	they	were	made	by	the	universe	itself	as	a	sort
of	antibody,	a	defense	against	the	gods	who,	despite	existing	within	the	universe,
could	very	well	threaten	to	destroy	it.
At	any	rate,	I	certainly	do	not	know	the	truth.
That	 is	 all	 I	 can	 say	 as	 to	 the	 origin	 of	 angels.	 But	 as	 far	 as	 their	 specific
traits,	the	most	notable	by	far	is	their	awe-inspiring	level	of	power.
Page 39
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 46 (PDF index) ---
Angels	are	strong	enough	that	their	race	persists	even	after	making	enemies
of	gods	of	all	kinds,	including	dragons.
I	 am	 told	 that	 even	 the	 weakest	 of	 angels	 exist	 in	 the	 territory	 of	 gods	 and
attack	them	in	groups.
And	Sariel	was	particularly	powerful	even	for	an	angel.
In	fact,	the	real	reason	that	the	elder	dragons	who	once	walked	this	earth	as
my	 superiors	 chose	 to	 live	 in	 relative	 obscurity	 is	 so	 that	 Sariel	 would	 not
destroy	them.
Evidently	 Sariel	 was	 strong	 enough	 that	 she	 could	 have	 chased	 all	 the
dragons	of	this	world	to	extinction.
And	her	mission	was	to	protect	the	native	species	of	the	planet.
This	 mission	 is	 the	 sole	 reason	 why	 dragons	 could	 not	 carelessly	 destroy
humanity.
Angels	 are	 mysterious	 beings,	 who	 are	 given	 missions	 that	 drive	 their
existence.
They	will	go	to	any	lengths	necessary	to	achieve	these	missions.
Indeed,	their	every	action	is	so	purely	devoted	to	their	missions	that	they	can
be	rather	inflexible.
Generally,	it	seems	that	most	angels	complete	their	missions	and	move	on	to
a	new	one,	but	in	some	very	rare	cases	an	angel	will	adhere	to	a	single	lifelong
mission.
In	 those	 cases,	 they	 may	 attempt	 to	 continue	 a	 mission	 they	 have	 already
completed	 or	 continue	 fighting	 for	 a	 mission	 that	 is	 no	 longer	 possible	 to
achieve,	in	a	way	that	an	outside	observer	would	see	as	completely	fruitless.
And	these	angels	who	have	strayed	from	the	others	and	act	on	their	own	are
known	as	“lost	angels.”
Sariel	was	one	such	lost	angel.
Her	mission	was	to	protect	the	native	species	of	the	planet.
Long	ago,	a	non-native	god	must	have	attacked	this	world	and	attempted	to
rule	it.
Sariel	was	dispatched	in	order	to	prevent	that.
I	imagine	that	once	she	chased	this	god	away,	Sariel’s	mission	should	have
been	 considered	 complete,	 and	 she	 would	 have	 taken	 on	 a	 new	 mission	 and
moved	on	to	another	world.
But	something	must	have	gone	wrong,	because	Sariel	remained	here.
And	continued	her	mission	of	protecting	the	native	species.
There	is	very	little	lateral	communication	between	angels.
Page 40
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 47 (PDF index) ---
One	could	even	say	there	is	none	at	all.
Thus,	if	an	angel	is	lost,	another	angel	will	not	come	to	collect	them.
Even	an	angel	with	superior	strength	like	Sariel	will	simply	be	left	alone.
From	the	point	of	view	of	dragons,	who	communicate	with	one	another	and
virtually	 no	 one	 else,	 this	 is	 an	 almost	 baffling	 lack	 of	 cooperation	 between
members	of	the	same	species.
Although	that	may	sound	rich	coming	from	a	lost	dragon	like	myself,	akin	to
a	lost	angel.
At	 any	 rate,	 because	 of	 this	 lack	 of	 communication	 between	 angels,	 Sariel
was	 left	 to	 her	 own	 devices	 for	 a	 long	 time,	 while	 the	 native	 humans	 she	 was
protecting	spread	their	influence	far	and	wide.
It	was	then	that	the	dragons	saw	this	and	quietly	migrated.
At	 this	 point,	 there	 is	 no	 way	 of	 knowing	 what	 the	 elder	 dragons	 were
thinking	 back	 in	 those	 days,	 but	 perhaps	 they	 were	 hoping	 they	 might	 get	 the
chance	to	win	Sariel	over	to	their	side.
We	 dragons	 do	 think	 of	 ourselves	 as	 the	 ultimate	 life-forms,	 but	 we	 do	 not
necessarily	ignore	other	species.
Because	we	are	confident	in	our	place	at	the	top,	we	feel	that	it	is	our	duty	to
guide	those	below	us.
I	 am	 sure	 this	 would	 sound	 prideful	 to	 anyone	 but	 a	 fellow	 dragon,	 but
dragons	are	very	magnanimous	toward	anyone	under	our	protection.
We	show	no	mercy	toward	those	who	oppose	us,	but	for	any	we	have	taken
under	our	wings,	we	promise	them	the	utmost	protection.
And	because	our	lifespans	are	so	long,	we	sometimes	take	time	to	gradually
strengthen	our	control	over	long	periods.
Even	here,	I	am	sure	there	was	a	plan	to	gradually	win	over	humanity,	spread
the	rule	of	dragons,	and	eventually	make	it	so	that	dragons	commanded	all	of	the
native	species	that	Sariel	was	protecting.
Were	that	to	pass,	then	Sariel	would	automatically	fall	under	the	command	of
dragons	along	with	those	in	her	protection.
In	reality,	we	only	had	control	over	a	very	small	dominion,	so	this	would	be	a
very	 ambitious	 undertaking;	 but	 to	 dragons,	 whose	 lifespans	 are	 near-infinite
from	the	perspective	of	humans,	it	would	only	seem	like	a	moderate	amount	of
time.
The	eras	of	man	come	and	go	so	quickly	from	our	point	of	view.
In	 just	 a	 few	 short	 generations,	 people	 can	 transform	 into	 something	 else
entirely.
Page 41
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 48 (PDF index) ---
If	the	present	humans	dislike	dragons,	we	need	only	improve	their	view	of	us
gradually	through	their	children,	grandchildren,	great-grandchildren,	and	so	on.
Though	 unfortunately,	 Potimas	 turned	 the	 world	 upside-down	 and	 ruined
everything	before	we	could	actually	achieve	that…
I	do	think	about	it	sometimes.
What	would	have	happened	if	Potimas	had	never	changed	the	way	that	this
world	works,	and	Sariel	and	the	dragons	continued	their	strange	equilibrium	over
time?
Most	likely,	Sariel	would	have	stayed	the	same.
I	 believe	 a	 certain	 someone	 had	 high	 hopes	 for	 me	 in	 that	 regard,	 but	 I	 am
sure	one	such	as	myself	could	never	have	caused	Sariel	to	change.
If	 the	 world	 had	 continued	 on	 unchanged	 all	 this	 time,	 I	 am	 sure	 Sariel	 too
would	still	be	protecting	the	native	species	as	she	always	did.
And	if	that	were	the	case,	where	would	I	be?
…I	cannot	say.
Somehow,	 it	 is	 impossible	 for	 me	 to	 imagine	 where	 such	 a	 situation	 might
have	led	me.
Indeed,	had	this	world	not	changed	so	drastically,	I	would	not	be	who	I	am
today.
It	is	because	of	all	of	those	events	that	my	current	self	took	form;	had	they
not	occurred,	I	would	be	a	different	person	entirely.
Small	wonder,	then,	that	I	cannot	imagine	it.
Either	way,	there	is	no	point	contemplating	a	future	that	might	have	come	to
pass.
In	the	end,	it	is	only	a	hypothetical,	one	that	will	never	occur	in	reality.
…I	seem	to	have	gotten	off	topic	again.
Hmm.	Has	Dustin’s	bad	habit	rubbed	off	on	me	as	well?
Well,	I	suppose	that	is	enough	talk	of	angels,	fallen	angels,	dragons,	and	the
like.
So	then,	what	exactly	did	Sariel’s	protection	of	the	native	species	look	like?
As	 I	 mentioned	 before,	 depictions	 of	 a	 Sariel-like	 individual	 can	 be	 found
throughout	 human	 history,	 but	 the	 details	 of	 her	 arrival	 and	 related	 anecdotes
vary	greatly.
In	 some	 cases,	 she	 performs	 miracles	 to	 save	 people,	 while	 in	 others	 she	 is
treated	as	a	witch.
Among	 the	 earliest	 of	 tales,	 she	 even	 warns	 humans	 against	 overhunting
animal	populations,	and	eventually	punishes	them	for	it.
Page 42
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 49 (PDF index) ---
In	these	times,	Sariel	was	mindful	of	the	ecosystem	balance,	keeping	an	eye
on	all	of	the	native	species	equally.
But	at	some	point,	her	priorities	shifted	toward	favoring	humans.
Angels	may	be	devoted	to	their	missions	to	the	point	of	blindness	to	all	else,
but	it	is	not	as	if	they	are	without	their	own	thoughts	and	individual	selves.
So	it	is	no	great	surprise	that	her	interest	might	begin	to	lean	toward	humans,
who	can	communicate	their	thoughts.
Delving	further	into	human	history,	there	are	passages	that	suggest	Sariel	was
trying	to	determine	how	best	to	deal	with	humans.
Her	 largest-scale	 interventions	 took	 place	 primarily	 in	 ancient	 history;	 over
time,	these	instances	became	few	and	far	between.
She	 must	 have	 decided	 that	 it	 was	 more	 efficient	 to	 match	 her	 activities	 to
those	of	humanity	rather	than	use	her	powers	like	a	god.
By	the	time	I	first	met	Sariel,	she	was	scarcely	using	her	godlike	powers	in	an
official	 capacity	 at	 all	 and	 had	 instead	 formed	 a	 charitable	 organization	 called
the	Sariella	Foundation,	through	which	she	carried	out	her	mission.
The	 Foundation	 was	 active	 throughout	 the	 world,	 not	 belonging	 to	 any
particular	nation.
Its	 activities	 included	 general	 medical	 care,	 support	 for	 underprivileged
regions,	 establishment	 of	 educational	 institutions,	 administration	 of	 orphanages
and	nursing	homes,	and	so	on	and	so	forth.
The	scope	of	her	charity	was	remarkably	broad.
Because	the	leader	of	the	Foundation	sought	to	protect	humans,	the	dominant
native	species,	she	was	not	interested	in	profits	or	anything	of	the	sort.
As	 a	 result,	 the	 international	 community	 as	 a	 whole	 trusted	 her	 completely,
and	 because	 the	 top	 brass	 of	 a	 select	 few	 nations	 knew	 of	 her	 true	 nature,	 the
Sariella	Foundation	had	an	enormous	presence.
However,	 even	 if	 her	 goal	 was	 not	 to	 make	 a	 profit,	 the	 activities	 of	 the
Foundation	did	cost	a	considerable	sum	of	money.
The	funding	for	their	charitable	activities	was	covered	by	various	donations.
And	 the	 biggest	 of	 those	 donors	 was	 a	 billionaire	 by	 the	 name	 of	 Foduey,
feared	at	the	time	as	the	“Demon	Lord	of	the	business	world.”
Thanks	 to	 the	 vast	 sums	 of	 money	 he	 contributed,	 the	 Sariella	 Foundation
was	able	to	continue	its	generally	unpaid,	essentially	volunteer	activities.
To	 the	 people	 of	 the	 world	 at	 that	 time,	 I	 am	 sure	 the	 Sariella	 Foundation
seemed	like	salvation	from	a	goddess.
Which	would	not	be	entirely	incorrect,	since	the	organization’s	leader	Sariel
Page 43
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 50 (PDF index) ---
really	was	a	godlike	being	known	as	an	angel.
Sariel	was	immensely	popular	with	humanity.
However,	at	the	time,	I	saw	her	activities	as	far	too	indirect	and	inefficient.
If	 she	 wished	 to	 protect	 humanity,	 she	 should	 have	 simply	 ruled	 over	 them
with	brute	strength,	in	my	young	self’s	opinion.
Sariel	 was	 powerful	 enough	 to	 do	 just	 that,	 and	 the	 Sariella	 Foundation
already	had	the	organizational	capability	as	well.
If	 a	 dragon	 were	 in	 a	 similar	 position,	 I	 am	 sure	 they	 would	 have	 enacted
such	a	rule	without	hesitation.	I	can	say	that	much	for	certain,	as	I	too	subscribed
to	the	standard	thought	pattern	of	dragons	at	the	time.
However,	I	now	realize	that	such	thinking	was	misguided.
Dragons	 thought	 to	 create	 peace	 for	 lesser	 races	 by	 giving	 them	 a	 life	 of
safety	 inside	 of	 a	 birdcage;	 Sariel	 encouraged	 humanity	 to	 be	 self-reliant,	 and
only	offered	a	helping	hand.
Our	 fundamental	 goals	 were	 ultimately	 quite	 different—perhaps	 even
opposites.
At	the	time,	I	failed	to	understand	that.
But	even	now,	I	cannot	say	which	goal	was	correct.
I	 do	 not	 think	 the	 dragons’	 way	 of	 doing	 things	 was	 wrong,	 even	 if	 I	 have
since	been	estranged	from	them.
And	yet,	I	do	not	think	Sariel’s	approach	was	wrong,	either.
Protection,	or	independence?
The	only	answer	would	lie	with	the	humans	of	that	time,	and	how	they	would
feel	in	one	position	or	the	other.
But	one	would	likely	have	to	experience	both	before	coming	up	with	a	proper
answer.
And	experiencing	both	of	those	opposites	would	be	very	difficult.
On	top	of	that,	even	if	one	 could	 do	 so,	 their	 ultimate	 answer	 would	 surely
vary	from	one	individual	to	the	next.
While	 humans	 are	 all	 of	 the	 same	 species,	 their	 individual	 thoughts	 and
feelings	differ	drastically.
Attempting	to	lump	them	all	together	in	broad	strokes	inevitably	fails.
I	am	sure	Sariel	made	that	same	mistake	many	times.
For	 dragons,	 even	 if	 we	 fail	 on	 occasion,	 we	 will	 simply	 choose	 to	 enforce
our	dominion	with	sheer	strength.
Dragons	are	soft	on	those	under	their	protection,	but	we	do	not	show	mercy
to	 those	 whom	 we	 oppose;	 anyone	 we	 have	 bared	 our	 fangs	 toward	 even	 once
Page 44
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 51 (PDF index) ---
will	never	be	taken	under	our	wing.
There	is	a	clear	line	drawn	there:	dragons	are	above,	and	all	others	are	below.
That	is	the	way	in	which	dragons	rule.
But	Sariel	evidently	did	not	approve	of	such	methods.
Rather	 than	 oppressing	 people	 with	 her	 power,	 she	 chose	 to	 walk	 alongside
them.
Because	 her	 goal	 was	 to	 protect	 the	 native	 species,	 controlling	 them	 with
force	would	have	seemed	a	foolish	approach.
It	would	involve	cutting	off	those	she	was	meant	to	protect,	after	all.
A	politician	may	have	to	do	just	that	from	time	to	time,	but	Sariel’s	mission
was	to	protect	humans,	not	to	guide	them.
Understanding	that	much	explains	Sariel’s	decisions	to	a	certain	degree,	even
if	I	cannot	agree	with	all	of	them.
But	unfortunately,	I	had	no	way	of	knowing	that	at	the	time,	nor	did	I	have
any	doubt	that	the	way	we	dragons	did	things	was	correct,	so	Sariel’s	methods
only	frustrated	me.
And	so,	I	quite	foolishly	went	to	lodge	my	complaints	with	her	in	person.
I	suppose	this	was	another	mistake	of	a	reckless	youth.
But	that	is	how	my	interactions	with	Sariel	truly	began	in	earnest.
Page 45
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com