--- PAGE 52 (PDF index) ---
Once	the	Demon	Lord	heads	into	the	underground	lair,	I	wonder	what	to	do	next.
It	isn’t	as	if	I	don’t	have	anything	to	do—quite	the	opposite:	There’s	a	lot	that
I	could	and	should	be	doing.
In	fact,	I	have	so	many	options	that	I	can’t	decide	where	to	start.
First,	I	decide	to	assess	the	battlefield	as	a	whole.
Using	Panoptic	Vision,	I	get	an	aerial	view	of	the	elf	village.
Near	 the	 border,	 where	 the	 barrier	 once	 was,	 the	 imperial	 army	 and	 the	 elf
army	are	clashing.
The	imperial	army	seems	to	be	struggling	pretty	badly.
Naturally,	the	elves	have	a	serious	home	field	advantage	in	the	middle	of	the
forest.
It’s	tough	to	move	freely,	which	is	why	we	had	to	chop	down	trees	to	march
through	in	the	first	place.
Once	 they	 started	 fighting,	 the	 plants	 and	 roots	 underfoot	 prevented	 them
from	using	their	full	strength.
Since	 the	 imperial	 army	 usually	 fights	 on	 level	 ground,	 I	 guess	 they’re	 not
accustomed	to	this	kinda	thing.
They	 can’t	 even	 keep	 their	 formations	 up	 since	 they’re	 surrounded	 by	 trees
and	all.
And	 because	 of	 their	 skill	 setups,	 the	 imperial	 army	 soldiers	 are	 firmly
divided	into	separate	branches.
Swordsmen	fight	with	swords.	Shield	bearers	fight	with	shields.	Mages	fight
with	magic.
They	all	have	their	roles,	and	they	fulfill	them	to	the	letter.
Normally,	 they	 plan	 their	 formations	 accordingly	 to	 use	 each	 branch	 to	 the
fullest.
…But	that	ain’t	gonna	work	out	this	time,	clearly.
The	swordsmen	can’t	get	close	enough	to	fight,	the	shieldsmen’s	shields	are
Page 46
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 53 (PDF index) ---
being	avoided	by	the	elves’	arrows	and	magic,	and	the	imperial	army	mages	are
having	trouble	hitting	with	their	spells	because	all	the	trees	are	in	the	way.
Meanwhile,	the	elves	are	using	the	trees	to	their	full	advantage.
They	jump	around	from	branch	to	branch,	easily	evading	the	imperial	army.
Then	they	use	their	precise	arrows	and	spells	to	take	down	their	enemies.
They’re	used	to	fighting	in	the	woods.
Actually,	judging	by	their	skills,	it	seems	like	they	actually	specialize	in	that.
Looks	like	they’re	using	Spatial	Maneuvering	to	hop	around	in	the	trees	and
utilizing	bows	or	magic	to	target	their	enemies	without	getting	too	close.
Then	they	dodge	counterattacks	or	use	the	trees	as	a	shield.
Even	 if	 both	 sides	 had	 roughly	 the	 same	 numbers,	 it’d	 be	 difficult	 to	 deal
with	an	opponent	who’s	optimizing	the	terrain	this	thoroughly.
The	imperial	army	is	big,	but	they	can’t	exactly	make	use	of	that	in	the	tight
space	of	the	forest,	or	push	their	way	through	with	sheer	numbers.
What	they	need,	then,	is	strength	that	renders	the	home	field	advantage	moot.
At	the	moment,	the	only	squadrons	that	are	faring	well	are	the	main	force	led
by	Natsume,	and	one	that’s	led	by	a	familiar-looking	old	mage.
Looks	like	the	same	geezer	who	was	Julius	the	Hero’s	teacher.
You	can	see	why	he	had	that	position	from	the	way	he’s	mowing	down	the
elves	with	rapid-fire	barrages	of	magic.
The	protection	of	the	trees?
That	means	nothing	to	this	old	man!
His	spells	are	piercing	straight	through	them.
From	the	looks	of	things,	the	old	man’s	still	got	plenty	more	where	that	came
from;	 he	 could	 probably	 reduce	 the	 elves—and	 the	 entire	 forest—to	 ash	 if	 he
really	wanted	to.
As	long	as	they	don’t	bust	out	the	robots	or	anything,	the	old	man	should	be
fine.
But	the	rest	of	the	imperial	army	are	getting	their	butts	handed	to	them.
It	 does	 seem	 like	 they’ve	 done	 a	 bit	 of	 damage	 to	 the	 elves’	 side,	 too,	 but
things	aren’t	looking	awesome.
My	initial	hope	was	that	the	imperial	army	would	deal	some	serious	damage
to	the	elf	army,	then	the	demon	army	would	finish	them	off,	but	at	this	rate	the
elves	are	gonna	take	down	the	imperial	army	and	still	manage	to	put	up	a	fairly
serious	fight	against	the	demon	army.
Admittedly,	I	wasn’t	expecting	much	out	of	the	imperial	army	to	begin	with,
but	it’s	still	kind	of	a	bummer	that	they’re	even	less	useful	than	I	hoped…
Page 47
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 54 (PDF index) ---
Either	 way,	 if	 the	 robots	 come	 out,	 even	 our	 primary	 forces	 of	 the	 demon
army	 won’t	 amount	 to	 much.	 I	 guess	 the	 efforts	 of	 the	 imperial	 army	 don’t
matter	either	way,	then.
But	the	demon	army	has	Mr.	Oni	and	Mera,	and	even	the	imperial	army	has
Vampy	and	Phelmina.
Even	if	it	ends	up	being	a	tougher	battle	than	expected,	I	doubt	we’re	going
to	lose.
That	is,	as	long	as	the	elves	keep	 their	 primary	 forces—the	 robots—off	 the
playing	field.
So	that’s	how	the	imperial	army’s	faring.	On	the	other	hand,	the	queen	and
the	taratect	swarm	are	totally	crushing	their	side	of	the	elf	army.
I	mean,	these	taratects	have	been	living	in	the	forest	this	whole	time.
Since	I	was	able	to	climb	walls	and	stuff	even	before	I	got	the	Dimensional
Maneuvering	skill,	it’s	obvious	that	the	taratect	species	fare	well	in	terrain	with
lots	of	obstacles.
The	more	surfaces	there	are,	the	easier	it	is	to	spin	webs,	for	one	thing.
Even	 if	 the	 elves	 are	 accustomed	 to	 fighting	 in	 the	 forest,	 they	 can’t	 be	 as
good	at	it	as	the	taratects	that	make	their	permanent	home	there.
Plus,	 the	 taratects	 have	 the	 queen,	 and	 several	 other	 strengths	 that	 totally
outclass	any	of	the	elves.
A	group	of	elves	can	probably	take	down	a	greater,	but	an	arch	or	anything
stronger	will	be	a	hell	of	a	lot	tougher.
And	that’s	just	if	it	were	one	against	many.
In	this	case,	there	are	more	taratects	than	there	are	elves,	which	makes	for	a
pretty	one-sided	slaughter.
The	elves	are	basically	getting	swallowed	up	by	the	wave	of	spiders	without
slowing	them	down	in	the	least.
Gotta	 say,	 watching	 an	 endless	 sea	 of	 spiders	 teeming	 out	 of	 the	 forest	 is
enough	to	give	you	goosebumps.
…All	righty.	No	problems	there,	then.
Next,	what’s	going	on	inside	the	elf	village?
First,	I	take	a	peek	at	Yamada	and	company.
Looks	like	they	were	trying	to	protect	the	area	with	the	teleport	gates.
But	Kusama	got	the	jump	on	them	and	destroyed	the	gates.
Realizing	 that	 the	 barrier	 was	 about	 to	 go	 down,	 they	 all	 hopped	 on
Shinohara	in	dragon	form	and	are	heading	for	the	border.
Looks	like	they’re	headed	toward	Natsume’s	approximate	position.
Page 48
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 55 (PDF index) ---
Meanwhile,	Natsume	himself	is	locked	in	a	battle	to	the	death	with	Ms.	Oka.
Vampy’s	right	there,	so	I	doubt	Ms.	Oka’s	life	is	in	any	serious	danger.
If	it	were,	I’d	go	ahead	and	kill	everyone	involved,	anyway.
If	Yamada	and	friends	are	heading	for	Natsume,	they’ll	have	to	contend	with
Vampy,	 and	 they	 won’t	 be	 running	 into	 the	 Demon	 Lord.	 Should	 be	 fine	 to
ignore	them.
And	the	elves	inside	the	village	don’t	seem	to	be	doing	much.
The	normal	ones,	who	I’m	guessing	don’t	know	about	the	robots,	are	holing
up	in	their	houses	looking	freaked	out.
Most	of	the	capable	fighters	are	out	on	the	front	lines,	leaving	only	minimal
security	and	non-combatants.
No	robots	to	be	seen.
Hrmm.	Maybe	I	should	jump	on	this	chance?
I	could	probably	wipe	out	all	the	elves	in	the	village	before	the	robots	come
out.
The	race	of	elves	are	all	Potimas’s	spawns	and	underlings.
So	all	of	them	have	to	be	killed,	with	the	exception	of	Ms.	Oka.
That’s	just	a	fact.
Non-combatant,	child,	elderly,	or	otherwise,	we’ve	gotta	annihilate	every	last
one	of	them.
And	right	now,	those	targets	are	all	hiding	out	in	their	homes	without	any	real
protection.
Can	I	really	let	this	opportunity	pass	me	by?
Nope,	not	a	chance.
I	know	what	I’ve	got	to	do,	then.
Woo-hoo!	It’s	hunting	time,	baybeee!
I	head	toward	the	elves’	neighborhood,	taking	the	puppet	spider	sisters	along
with	me.
With	 our	 speed,	 we	 can	 get	 from	 the	 outskirts	 of	 the	 elf	 village	 to	 the
residential	area	in	a	matter	of	moments.
Next	thing	you	know,	we’ve	arrived	at	our	goal.
There’s	an	elf	guard	keeping	watch,	but	Ael	chops	off	his	head	before	he	can
react.
…Is	it	just	me,	or	did	he	not	even	realize	what	was	happening	until	he	was
already	dead?
They	haven’t	had	much	of	a	chance	to	shine	lately,	but	the	puppet	spiders	are
still	monsters	with	stats	in	the	ten	thousands,	after	all.
Page 49
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 56 (PDF index) ---
And	because	 they	 haven’t	 been	 in	 the	 spotlight	 for	 so	 long,	 they’re	 totally
raring	to	go.
Even	 now,	 Ael	 looks	 highly	 pleased	 with	 herself	 for	 having	 beheaded	 that
guard.
It’s	cute	and	all,	except	for	the	fact	that	she	did	just	behead	someone.
Well,	if	they’re	so	eager	to	show	off,	I	might	as	well	put	these	sisters	to	work.
“Spread	out.”
On	my	order,	the	four	sisters	scatter.
It’s	better	to	separate	them	for	maximum	efficiency,	I	think.
Even	if	any	robots	show	up,	I	don’t	think	any	of	them	would	lose	in	a	one-
on-one	fight,	and	they’re	fast	enough	to	flee	to	safety	if	they	get	attacked	by	a
group.
Guess	I’d	better	get	to	work,	too.
I	pick	a	direction	opposite	the	spider	sisters	and	dash	in	a	straight	line.
As	I	go,	I	pop	out	a	bunch	of	battle	clones	all	the	while.
No	matter	how	strong	the	puppet	spiders	are,	there’s	too	few	of	them	to	lock
down	the	entire	elf	village.
So	 my	 battle	 clones	 start	 going	 on	 a	 rampage	 every	 which	 way	 to	 make	 up
for	it.
As	long	as	the	robots	don’t	show	up,	the	elves	have	no	way	to	defend	against
the	battle	clones	or	the	puppet	spiders.
The	 residential	 area	 is	 big,	 but	 it	 shouldn’t	 take	 that	 long	 to	 get	 it	 under
control.
Whether	they’re	up	against	a	battle	clone	or	a	puppet	spider,	the	elves	aren’t
strong	enough	to	even	put	up	a	fight.
It’ll	be	a	slaughter.
And	all	in	a	few	spare	moments	between	movements,	too.
It’s	easy	enough	just	to	lop	off	someone’s	head	as	you	run	by.
Meanwhile,	 I	 cut	 across	 the	 residential	 area	 toward	 the	 center	 of	 the	 elf
village.
Here,	I’m	gonna	stop	distributing	battle	clones	for	now.
I’m	headed	for	the	area	where	the	reincarnations	are	being	kept.
If	 I	 don’t	 secure	 their	 safety,	 Potimas	 might	 try	 to	 do	 something	 to	 them
when	he	gets	backed	into	a	corner.
It	 doesn’t	 seem	 like	 he’s	 done	 anything	 like	 that	 yet,	 but	 I’ll	 feel	 better	 if	 I
make	sure	they’re	safe	before	he	gets	a	chance	to	try.
So	I	arrive	in	the	area	where	the	reincarnations	are	being	held,	and	pop	them
Page 50
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 57 (PDF index) ---
all	into	a	separate	dimension	without	a	word.
I’m	guessing	they’ll	have	no	idea	what’s	going	on.
They	didn’t	even	see	my	face	beforehand.
…What,	you	think	that’s	lazy?
Look,	we’re	in	an	emergency	right	now…
And	they’ll	technically	be	safest	in	this	alternate	dimension,	sooo…
It’s	definitely	not	because	it’d	be	a	pain	to	meet	the	other	reincarnations	face-
to-face	or	anything	silly	like	that.
It’s	not,	okay?	I	swear.
They’re	 set	 up	 with	 enough	 food	 and	 water	 and	 stuff	 for	 a	 few	 days,	 and	 a
place	to	sleep.
Even	if	I	did	die	somehow,	they’d	be	sent	someplace	safe	in	this	world,	too.
Although	I	don’t	plan	on	dying,	obviously.
Anyway,	that	takes	care	of	the	reincarnations.
Now	I	can	cut	loose	without	anything	to	worry	about.
I	 turn	 around	 and	 head	 back	 to	 the	 residential	 area,	 where	 the	 cleanup	 is
already	over.
…Hrmm.
I	was	so	sure	that	robots	were	gonna	show	up	before	we	finished	here.
He	can’t	have	run	out	of	robots	already,	right?
Potimas	would	never	settle	for	such	a	teensy	amount	of	backup.
And	 it’s	 not	 like	 he’s	 using	 all	 his	 forces	 to	 fight	 the	 Demon	 Lord	 down
below,	either.
Judging	 by	 the	 view	 from	 the	 super-tiny	 surveillance	 spider	 I	 sent	 after	 the
Demon	Lord,	it	definitely	didn’t	look	like	she	was	fighting	his	entire	battalion.
Potimas	is	still	saving	some	strength	somewhere.
…So	why	hasn’t	he	sent	out	anything	else	yet?
Doubts	still	lingering,	I	land	in	the	center	of	the	residential	area.
The	puppet	spider	sisters	have	gathered	here,	too.
There’s	not	a	mark	on	them,	not	even	blood	splatter	from	their	victims.
In	fact,	even	the	swords	in	their	hands	don’t	have	a	drop	of	blood	on	them—
what’s	up	with	that?
Are	you	telling	me	they	cut	’em	too	fast	for	any	blood	to	stick	to	their	blades?
Man,	what’s	scary	is	that	might	actually	be	true.
Looking	around	the	neighborhood	full	of	elf	houses	carved	out	of	giant	trees,
the	fairy-tale	effect	is	somewhat	ruined	by	the	sea	of	blood.
Yikes,	that’s	pretty	bad.
Page 51
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 58 (PDF index) ---
We	 haven’t	 completely	 wiped	 out	 the	 area	 yet,	 but	 the	 handful	 of	 elves
who’ve	survived	are	being	hunted	down	by	my	battle	clones	even	now.
At	 this	 point,	 I	 have	 to	 assume	 that	 Potimas	 simply	 decided	 to	 abandon	 the
elves	on	the	surface.
But	 then,	 as	 if	 to	 prove	 me	 wrong,	 the	 path	 through	 the	 residential	 area
suddenly	splits	open,	revealing	a	hole	that	leads	underground.
And	a	robot	comes	crawling	out.
I	still	don’t	get	why	Potimas	let	us	kill	all	the	elves,	but	it	looks	like	this	is
where	the	real	battle	begins.
The	puppet	spiders	step	forward	to	take	on	the	robot.
Maybe	they’re	excited	to	have	an	actual	fight,	not	just	a	slaughter,	since	they
haven’t	had	their	fill	of	showing	off	yet.
I	guess	I	can	let	them	take	care	of	one	measly…robot…
Clamorous	 clanks	 echo	 around	 the	 area,	 and	 a	 massive	 number	 of	 robots	 pour
out	from	the	ground.
…Isn’t	this	a	bit	much?
And	it’s	not	just	this	area.	Swarms	of	robots	are	popping	out	all	over	the	elf
village.
Even	with	just	a	glance	at	my	Panoptic	Vision,	their	numbers	are	easily	in	the
tens	of	thousands.
…Seriously,	isn’t	this	way	too	much?
They	did	seem	pretty	fragile	when	I	broke	some	before,	but	I	didn’t	realize
they	were	mass-produced.
Seriously,	who	mass-produces	fighting	robots?
And	come	on,	this	many?!
The	puppet	spiders	look	at	one	another.
Then	they	promptly	take	shelter	behind	me.
…What	happened	to	all	that	eagerness	from	a	second	ago,	huh?!
Well,	yeah,	I	guess	that’s	fair…
These	numbers	are	a	bit	too	much	even	for	them…
They	 could	 definitely	 beat	 these	 robots	 one-on-one,	 or	 maybe	 even	 one-on-
two	or	-three,	I	would	say.
But	this	many?	No	waaay.
Come	on,	even	I	wasn’t	expecting	this!
I	can	protect	the	puppet	spiders	since	they’re	here	with	me,	but	the	imperial
Page 52
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 59 (PDF index) ---
army	and	demon	army	might	be	in	a	bit	of	trouble.
Hell,	this	could	be	bad	even	for	Vampy	and	Mr.	Oni…
As	my	mind	races,	the	robots	point	their	guns	toward	us.
And	then	the	muzzles	all	start	spouting	fire	at	once.
Page 53
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 60 (PDF index) ---
Page 54
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com