--- PAGE 61 (PDF index) ---
“Now,	on	to	our	next	news	story.”
The	orphanage	living	room	was	very	large.
Accordingly,	it	had	a	very	large	TV,	which	I	spent	a	lot	of	time	watching.
Since	I	had	no	choice	but	to	use	a	wheelchair	in	my	everyday	life,	I	couldn’t
run	around	and	play	like	the	other	kids.
When	I	was	brought	to	the	orphanage,	I	said	goodbye	to	my	bedridden	life	at
last.
But	my	body	didn’t	magically	heal.
After	 some	 examinations,	 intended	 for	 treatment	 instead	 of	 experimentation
this	time,	I	was	prescribed	new	medication	that	allowed	me	to	move	up	from	the
bed	to	a	wheelchair.
I	could	even	walk	on	my	own	a	little	if	I	used	a	cane.
But	 I	 still	 couldn’t	 remove	 the	 IVs	 that	 constantly	 provided	 me	 with
medication	and	nutrients.
Because	my	body	was	still	constantly	producing	venom,	I	needed	the	antidote
and	nutritional	supplements	to	keep	me	alive.
Ironically	enough,	my	body	required	more	nutrients	than	the	average	person
in	order	to	keep	producing	that	venom.
You	 might	 wonder	 if	 it	 would	 stop	 making	 venom	 if	 I	 stopped	 taking	 in
nutrients,	but	no:	I	would	still	produce	poison,	and	be	malnourished	on	top	of	it.
It	was	only	through	the	combination	of	the	IVs	and	an	easy-to-digest	liquid
diet	that	my	body	was	able	to	sustain	itself	at	all.
Unfortunately,	 that	 left	 little	 nutrition	 for	 my	 body	 to	 grow,	 which	 is	 why	 I
am	still	small	even	to	this	day.
Though	technically,	it	isn’t	as	if	I	didn’t	grow	at	all.
Once	my	body	developed	and	I	gained	a	bit	more	stamina,	I	was	finally	able
to	move	on	my	own,	if	only	for	a	little	while	and	with	the	help	of	a	cane.
Even	then,	I	spent	the	majority	of	the	day	in	a	wheelchair,	which	inevitably
Page 55
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 62 (PDF index) ---
limited	my	options.
Watching	 TV	 in	 the	 living	 room	 was	 one	 of	 the	 few	 activities	 available	 to
me.
“This	morning,	we	interviewed	Mr.	Dustin,	President	of	Daztrudia.”
I	 did	 sometimes	 pass	 the	 time	 with	 reading,	 embroidery,	 and	 so	 on,	 but	 I
enjoyed	doing	nothing	but	staring	at	the	screen.
In	fact,	I	felt	ill	at	ease	when	I	couldn’t,	perhaps	because	I	had	done	nothing
but	watch	TV	before	I	came	to	the	orphanage.
“I	will	not	permit	the	use	of	MA	energy	in	our	country.	Have	we	all	forgotten
the	 misdeeds	 of	 Potimas,	 the	 man	 who	 discovered	 it?	 There	 are	 still	 many
mysteries	surrounding	MA	energy.	I	cannot	accept	it	until	we	know	the	potential
drawbacks	of	its	use.”
I	 looked	 away	 from	 the	 TV	 and	 out	 into	 the	 garden,	 where	 children	 with
various	unique	traits	were	running	around	playing.
They	were	all	chimeras,	created	by	Potimas’s	experiments.
I	didn’t	have	any	ability	that	was	evident	from	my	appearance	alone,	but	over
half	 of	 the	 children	 were	 visibly	 distinguishable	 from	 normal	 humans	 at	 a
glance.
A	girl	with	long,	pointed	ears	was	chasing	around	a	boy	with	green	skin.
A	pink-haired	boy	threw	a	ball	in	a	random	direction,	and	a	boy	whose	entire
body	 was	 covered	 in	 fur	 jumped	 higher	 than	 an	 average	 adult’s	 height	 and
caught	it	with	ease.
Such	sights	were	perfectly	ordinary	in	this	orphanage.
It	was	a	rather	large	place,	since	it	also	had	hospital	facilities	to	take	care	of
the	physical	side	effects	common	in	chimeras.
The	 yard	 was	 expansive,	 too,	 enough	 that	 even	 the	 chimera	 children	 with
their	superhuman	physical	abilities	could	play	freely.
Children	who	had	been	kept	in	rooms	by	Potimas	where	they	couldn’t	move
around	were	able	to	play	to	their	hearts’	content	in	the	orphanage	courtyard.
However,	 there	 were	 some	 children	 like	 me	 who	 couldn’t	 join	 in	 due	 to
health	reasons.
Fortunately,	the	kids	never	harbored	ill	will	toward	one	another;	we	were	all
equally	close,	whether	we	could	move	freely	or	not.
I	think	it’s	because	we	felt	we	were	of	the	same	kind,	in	the	same	boat.
Chimeras	are	all	different	to	the	point	where	we	could	each	be	considered	our
own	species,	but	we	all	understood	that	each	of	us	had	vastly	different	traits,	and
I	think	that	worked	to	our	advantage.
Page 56
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 63 (PDF index) ---
Because	 we	 were	 each	 so	 unique,	 there	 was	 never	 any	 concept	 of
discrimination.
Perhaps	that	was	just	a	lucky	fluke.
Normal	children	go	to	school,	and	learn	the	ways	of	the	world	there.
Information	 sources	 like	 television	 don’t	 feel	 entirely	 real	 to	 children;	 they
have	to	witness	things	with	their	own	eyes	and	ears.
So	in	a	way,	the	kids	in	the	orphanage	were	cut	off	from	the	rest	of	the	world,
and	knew	little	of	society	and	common	knowledge.
This	wasn’t	necessarily	a	bad	thing,	though,	and	since	the	nature	of	the	entire
world	 was	 soon	 to	 change	 anyway,	 it	 would	 no	 longer	 matter	 if	 they	 knew
anything	about	the	way	things	were	before.
“While	 President	 Dustin	 has	 firmly	 opposed	 the	 use	 of	 MA	 energy	 and
prohibited	 it	 in	 Daztrudia,	 a	 growing	 number	 of	 other	 nations	 have	 been
adopting	it…”
As	 I	 absentmindedly	 watched	 the	 news	 at	 that	 time,	 I	 had	 no	 idea	 that	 this
“MA	energy”	would	eventually	plunge	the	world	into	chaos	and	bring	on	even
greater	changes.
Even	if	I	had	known,	I	was	only	a	child	in	a	wheelchair.	I	doubt	I	could	have
done	anything	to	stop	it.
“Come	in	here,	you	naughty	kids!	It’s	time	for	lunch!”
The	director	of	the	orphanage	stomped	into	the	yard.
She	 was	 a	 pleasantly	 plump,	 middle-aged	 woman,	 who	 was	 formerly	 a
pediatrician.
As	one	of	the	Sariella	Foundation’s	full-time	physicians,	she	flew	around	the
world	to	all	sorts	of	hospitals	and	orphanages,	treating	and	diagnosing	children
everywhere.
Since	 her	 health	 and	 age	 were	 beginning	 to	 make	 it	 harder	 to	 fly	 so
frequently,	she	made	a	request	to	the	Foundation	to	be	stationed	in	one	place	and
became	the	director	of	our	orphanage.
She	 was	 excellent	 with	 children,	 especially	 since	 she	 was	 a	 former
pediatrician.
“Come	on,	now!	Get	on	inside!	Wash	your	hands!”
I	 remember	 her	 as	 a	 powerful	 woman	 with	 a	 big	 personality	 to	 match	 her
build.
The	kids	obeyed,	shouting	and	laughing	as	they	streamed	inside.
Lady	 Sariel	 was	 among	 them	 too,	 and	 must	 have	 gotten	 jostled	 by	 the
children;	 her	 clothes	 were	 rumpled	 and	 dirty,	 and	 for	 some	 reason	 there	 were
Page 57
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 64 (PDF index) ---
several	flowers	poking	free	from	her	hair.
“Fess	up!	Which	of	you	rascals	turned	Lady	Sariel	into	a	vase?!”
“No.	These	are	presents.”
Lady	Sariel	calmly	objected	to	the	director’s	words.
One	of	the	children	must	have	tried	to	gift	her	some	flowers.
But	 they	 went	 about	 it	 poorly	 and	 stuck	 them	 onto	 Lady	 Sariel’s	 head	 with
the	stems	still	attached,	making	for	a	strange	impression	indeed.
“If	you’re	gonna	give	flowers,	at	least	make	a	crown	or	take	off	the	stems!”
“Yes,	ma’am.”
The	young	perpetrator	responded	sheepishly,	while	the	other	boys	laughed.
Then	the	director	bonked	the	boys	on	the	head.
“And	you	lot,	getting	all	covered	in	filth!	The	mud	on	Lady	Sariel’s	clothes
must	be	your	work	too,	isn’t	it?!	You’re	taking	a	bath	before	lunch!”
With	that,	she	seized	two	particularly	dirty	children	and	hoisted	them	under
each	arm,	lugging	them	off	to	the	bath.
Everyone	was	so	noisy.
But	I	was	used	to	this	sort	of	scene	by	now.
Watching	everyone	smile	and	laugh	together	made	me	happy.
Compared	to	the	frigid	life	I’d	led	all	alone	in	my	bed	until	I	came	here,	life
in	the	orphanage	felt	incredibly	warm.
I	only	hoped	that	such	warm,	happy	times	would	go	on	forever.
“Protestors	are	now	demonstrating	against	President	Dustin’s	position	on	the
use	of	MA	energy.”
But	that	wish	was	in	vain,	for	the	end	was	already	close	at	hand.
Page 58
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com