--- PAGE 65 (PDF index) ---
If	 we	 are	 to	 discuss	 my	 relationship	 with	 Sariel,	 there	 is	 someone	 else	 I	 must
mention.
Ariel?
No.
I	have	certainly	known	her	for	a	very	long	time	now,	but	in	those	days,	I	was
only	dimly	aware	of	her	as	one	of	the	children	Sariel	cared	for.
Not	to	mention	that	all	of	the	children	at	that	orphanage	were	very	distinctive
individuals.
There	was	the	first	hero,	the	first	saint,	the	beast	lord,	the	agitator	lord…
All	of	whom	ran	the	riot	shortly	after	the	system	was	instituted.
By	comparison,	Ariel	was	of	little	note.
After	all,	she	was	only	a	powerless	little	girl	at	the	time.
It	is	akin	to	a	miracle	that	she	survived	that	chaotic	period	at	all.
Though	it	may	be	difficult	to	imagine	that	for	anyone	who	knows	her	now.
At	any	rate,	Ariel	did	not	leave	much	of	an	impression	at	the	time.
…Let	us	return	to	the	main	topic.
Before	Sariel	and	I	began	to	interact	more	frequently,	there	was	one	man	who
stood	in	my	way.
To	be	frank,	he	made	it	difficult	for	me	to	meet	with	her	at	all.
That	man’s	name	was	Foduey.
Yes,	the	very	same	man	who	donated	huge	sums	to	the	Sariella	Foundation,
and	was	known	as	the	Demon	Lord	of	the	business	world.
Still,	by	the	time	we	first	met,	Foduey	was	already	getting	on	in	years.
His	heyday	of	being	feared	in	the	financial	world	was	long	since	past,	and	he
was	 spending	 his	 remaining	 years	 putting	 a	 portion	 of	 his	 wealth	 to	 use,	 from
which	some	even	smaller	portion	was	donated	to	the	Sariella	Foundation.
Even	that	tiny	percentage	of	his	profits	was	enough	to	fund	a	majority	of	their
activities,	which	should	give	some	idea	of	just	how	vast	his	overall	assets	must
Page 59
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 66 (PDF index) ---
have	been.
If	 he	 willed	 it,	 he	 could	 accomplish	 almost	 anything	 with	 the	 power	 of	 that
wealth.
And	 he	 had	 connections	 not	 only	 in	 the	 business	 world,	 but	 the	 world	 of
politics	as	well.
It	 would	 be	 no	 exaggeration	 to	 say	 that	 his	 backing	 was	 the	 reason	 that	 the
Sariella	Foundation	had	such	power.
Of	 course,	 all	 that	 being	 said,	 the	 wealth	 of	 a	 mere	 human	 was	 the	 most
trivial	of	details	to	a	dragon	like	me.
Such	things	only	held	meaning	within	human	society,	after	all.
What	would	a	roll	of	banknotes	mean	to	a	dragon?
Nothing	at	all.
So	to	me,	Foduey	was	no	more	than	one	insignificant	human	among	many.
Until	I	actually	met	him,	that	is.
The	 first	 time	 I	 encountered	 Foduey	 face-to-face	 was	 when	 I	 went	 to	 tell
Sariel	exactly	what	I	thought	of	her	methods	in	person.
As	I	said	before,	Sariel’s	way	of	doing	things	greatly	displeased	me.
For	 a	 time,	 I	 contented	 myself	 with	 observing	 her,	 but	 the	 more	 I	 watched,
the	more	my	frustration	and	irritation	piled	up,	until	one	day	I	hit	my	limit.
Thus,	I	decided	to	go	straight	to	the	source	to	lodge	my	complaints.
I	 marched	 straight	 into	 a	 hospital	 run	 by	 the	 Sariella	 Foundation,	 right	 as
Sariel	was	in	the	midst	of	inspecting	the	place.
Unfortunately	for	me,	she	was	accompanied	by	Foduey.
Yes,	this	was	a	great	misfortune	indeed,	at	least	at	the	time.
When	I	consider	our	later	interactions,	I	suppose	I	would	no	longer	describe
it	as	such,	but	that	is	only	because	of	what	I	know	now.
But	back	then,	our	meeting	was	nothing	short	of	a	disaster.
In	 all	 my	 life,	 I	 have	 never	 been	 mocked	 so	 thoroughly	 by	 any	 human,	 not
before	or	since.
The	fact	that	I	was	more	dumbfounded	than	angry	is	really	quite	humorous	in
retrospect.
Really,	there	was	good	reason	to	mock	me	in	those	days.
Considering	my	attitude	at	the	time…
“Why	must	you	do	things	in	such	a	roundabout	way?”
Those	were	the	very	first	words	I	spoke	to	Sariel	when	I	found	her.
Anyone	would	take	that	as	an	attempt	to	pick	a	fight,	no	doubt.
Or	at	the	very	least,	the	beginnings	of	some	troublesome	encounter.
Page 60
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 67 (PDF index) ---
In	truth,	Sariel	simply	ignored	me	and	kept	walking.
Foduey,	who	was	alongside	her,	slipped	past	me	as	well	without	sparing	me	a
glance.
“Hey!	Stop!”
Naturally,	 my	 young	 self	 took	 being	 ignored	 as	 an	 unbelievable	 insult,	 and
shouted	out	to	stop	them.
Even	though	I	was	the	one	who	acted	rudely	in	the	first	place.
However,	 at	 this	 point	 I	 imagine	 Foduey	 was	 only	 surprised,	 and	 not	 yet
furious.
My	next	words	were	what	sparked	his	rage.
“You	could	have	saved	that	child!	Why	did	you	let	her	die?!”
What	did	I	mean,	you	ask?
This	was	a	hospital	operated	by	the	Sariella	Foundation.
Sariel	herself	regularly	inspected	the	place.
And	there,	she	learned	that	a	child	she	had	spoken	to	during	her	previous	visit
had	succumbed	to	illness.
I	saw	their	last	interaction	by	way	of	clairvoyance.
“Thank	you,	Miss	Sariel.”
“No	need	to	thank	me.	It	is	part	of	my	mission.”
“See	you	next	time.”
“Yes,	see	you	then.”
But	after	they	parted	ways,	Sariel	and	that	child	would	never	meet	again.
The	child	had	an	incurable	disease.
But	that	is	only	speaking	in	terms	of	human	standards.
With	Sariel’s	powers,	she	surely	could	have	healed	the	child	completely.
This	was	the	reason	that	my	impatience	with	her	indirect	way	of	doing	things
finally	reached	a	breaking	point.
There	 were	 many	 lives	 that	 Sariel	 could	 have	 saved,	 even	 without	 running
hospitals	and	such.
But	she	chose	not	to	do	that.
And	yet,	she	still	had	the	gall	to	wear	a	faintly	saddened	expression	when	she
heard	that	day	the	child	had	died.
How	could	she	react	like	that	when	she	could	have	saved	the	child’s	life	and
didn’t?
I	found	it	terribly	disagreeable,	which	is	why	I	yelled	so	angrily.
“Please	keep	your	voice	down	in	the	hospital.”
But	the	response	to	my	shout	was	completely	unrelated	to	its	contents.
Page 61
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 68 (PDF index) ---
Though	in	retrospect,	I	suppose	it	was	a	perfectly	sensible	way	to	react.
But	at	the	time,	it	was	the	last	thing	I	had	expected	to	hear	in	response	to	my
question.
Sariel	is	the	only	angel	I	know,	but	I	think	I	realized	at	that	moment	just	how
impossible	those	beings	are	to	understand.
“I	don’t	care	about	that!”
I	shouted	all	the	more,	trying	to	cover	up	my	confusion	about	our	interaction.
Then	 I	 moved	 closer	 to	 Sariel,	 and	 I	 believe	 I	 made	 some	 vehement
declaration	that	she	could	have	easily	healed	the	sick	if	she	chose	to	do	so.
“I	will	warn	you	one	more	time.	This	is	a	hospital.	It	is	common	sense	to	be
quiet	in	a	hospital.”	Sariel	was	unmoved.	“In	addition,	this	hospital	specializes	in
internal	medicine	and	surgery.	Mental	illness	is	outside	of	our	area	of	expertise,
so	I	recommend	that	you	try	a	different	hospital.”
Not	content	to	tell	me	to	be	quiet,	she	calmly	insulted	me	as	well.
Even	I	was	stunned	into	silence	by	that.
“Pfft!”
Then	one	man	dared	to	snicker	at	my	stricken	reaction.
As	you	may	have	gathered	from	the	context,	this	man	was	Foduey.
I	glared	at	him.	“You	inferior	creature.”
“Ah,	 excuse	 me.	 Though	 I	 must	 say,	 which	 of	 us	 do	 you	 think	 appears
inferior	in	this	current	situation?”
…I	was	very	young	at	the	time.
So	 young	 that	 I	 would	 openly	 call	 a	 human	 being	 an	 “inferior	 creature”	 to
their	face.
But	in	this	case,	Foduey’s	response	was	an	even	harsher	criticism.
It	was	then	that	I	realized	I	had	attracted	the	attention	of	the	people	around
me.
A	natural	result	of	shouting	in	a	hospital,	I	suppose.
All	 of	 the	 doctors,	 patients,	 and	 so	 on	 within	 hearing	 range	 were	 staring	 at
me,	and	looking	very	put	out.
If	I	may	defend	myself,	at	that	time,	the	attention	of	humans	meant	nothing	to
me.
…Not	that	this	is	much	of	a	defense.
But	in	those	days,	I	thought	of	humans	as	insignificant	creatures.
So	 I	 felt	 no	 need	 to	 waste	 my	 time	 paying	 any	 mind	 to	 whether	 they	 were
looking	at	me.
Then	I	realized	the	differences	in	our	perception.
Page 62
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 69 (PDF index) ---
From	my	point	of	view,	Sariel	was	a	god.
Not	a	human.
And	of	course,	I	myself	was	a	dragon,	and	not	a	human,	either.
I	was	speaking	with	the	assumption	that	humans	were	of	no	consequence,	but
what	would	those	humans	think	if	they	heard	me	without	knowing	what	I	was?
Blathering	on	about	gods	and	claiming	that	this	woman	could	heal	a	disease
that	no	doctor	could	cure.
An	incredibly	irrational,	inconsiderate	man.
It	would	make	perfect	sense	for	them	to	see	me	that	way.
These	 were	 the	 actions	 of	 someone	 who	 might	 be	 better	 served	 going	 to	 a
mental	hospital,	just	as	Sariel	said.
Since	I	was	disguised,	both	Sariel	and	I	looked	like	ordinary	humans.
It	was	only	natural	that	the	humans	who	didn’t	know	any	of	this	would	see	us
that	way.
This	was	my	mistake	for	not	paying	attention	to	humans.
But	I	couldn’t	very	well	smooth	things	over	at	that	point,	and	I	felt	no	need	to
do	so	for	a	mere	human,	anyway.
“Such	insolence!	Do	you	wish	to	die?!”
So,	I	decided	to	stick	to	my	attitude	as	a	dragon.
“What’s	this?	If	you	can’t	win	with	words,	you’ll	win	with	violence,	hmm?
Does	 a	 fool	 who	 calls	 his	 adversary	 inferior	 yet	 cannot	 outwit	 him	 truly	 think
himself	the	better	man?	Oh,	I	see.	It’s	because	you	don’t	understand	that	you	are
a	 fool,	 hmm?	 Please,	 pardon	 me.	 I	 have	 a	 bad	 habit	 of	 using	 myself	 as	 a
standard.	It	makes	it	hard	for	me	to	understand	people	whose	minds	are	so	much
slower	than	my	own.	Do	forgive	me	for	that.	I’m	ever	so	sorry.”
…That	man	was	always	like	this.
It	 wasn’t	 just	 that	 he	 had	 a	 comeback	 for	 everything—for	 every	 word	 that
was	spoken	to	him,	he	would	return	it	tenfold.
When	 it	 comes	 to	 verbally	 mocking	 other	 people,	 I	 have	 never	 known	 a
human	more	talented	than	Foduey.
…Although	I	question	whether	that	should	really	be	considered	a	“talent.”
However,	his	remark	about	resorting	to	violence	if	I	couldn’t	win	with	words
did	injure	my	pride.
If	I	raised	a	hand	against	him	after	that	comment,	I	would	become	the	fool	he
claimed	I	was.
And	I	was	determined	not	to	let	that	happen.
…Although	 I	 didn’t	 realize	 until	 much	 later	 that	 I	 had	 already	 lost	 the
Page 63
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 70 (PDF index) ---
argument	when	he	convinced	me	to	think	that	way.
To	think	that	I	allowed	a	human	whom	I	scorned	as	inferior	to	manipulate	me
with	words	so	easily…	I	cannot	help	but	laugh	at	my	own	absurdity.
“I	will	hear	you	out	if	you’ll	step	outside	with	me.	This	is	indeed	a	hospital.
As	Lady	Sariel	says,	it	is	no	place	for	outsiders	to	barge	in	and	cause	a	ruckus.
Or	is	your	mind	really	so	inferior	that	you	cannot	grasp	such	a	simple	concept?”
“Nngh!”
Then	he	used	my	pride	to	force	me	to	cooperate	with	his	will.
At	the	time,	I	really	felt	I	had	no	choice	but	to	do	as	Foduey	said.
A	dragon	like	me,	being	commanded	by	a	mere	human	like	him?
It	is	hard	to	say	whether	that	reflects	more	on	Foduey	as	terrifying,	or	myself
as	pathetic.
I	would	like	to	think	that	it	is	not	the	latter…
…No,	I	suppose	it	does	not	matter	now.
There	would	be	little	point	in	my	putting	on	airs	of	importance	now	when	I
am	already	revealing	such	unsightly	sides	of	myself.
So,	compelled	by	Foduey,	I	left	Sariel	and	went	outside	with	Foduey,	whose
words	drove	home	that	fact.
“I	must	say,	you	put	other	stalkers	to	shame,	really.”
“Huh?”
I	could	not	help	but	gape	at	him	in	response.
A	stalker?
A	human	was	calling	a	mighty	dragon	such	as	myself…a	stalker?
How	could	one	not	laugh	at	this?
“I	am	asking	you	to	restrain	yourself	from	such	excessive	stalking.	Or	didn’t
you	hear	me?	It	appears	that	‘superior	creatures’	such	as	yourself	tend	to	be	hard
of	hearing.	That	doesn’t	seem	to	make	much	sense	from	my	perspective,	but	let
us	 assume	 it	 is	 one	 of	 the	 many	 mysteries	 of	 the	 world.	 There	 must	 be	 some
culture	that	takes	pride	in	poor	hearing	that	I	was	simply	unaware	of,	I’m	sure.
Though	I	fail	to	understand	the	reasoning	behind	it.”
That	 was	 my	 reward	 for	 giving	 a	 dimwitted	 response	 to	 Foduey’s	 initial
statement.
Knowing	 now	 that	 he	 was	 actually	 holding	 back	 quite	 a	 bit	 only	 makes	 it
worse.
“Do	not	tarnish	my	reputation.	I	am	not	hard	of	hearing,	nor	am	I	any	sort	of
stalker.”
“Is	that	right?	Then	you	must	really	be	a	fool	if	you	aren’t	even	aware	of	it
Page 64
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 71 (PDF index) ---
yourself.”
“Excuse	me?”
A	 prideful	 dragon	 such	 as	 I	 could	 never	 blithely	 accept	 an	 accusation	 of
being	a	stalker.
But	Foduey	only	continued	to	provoke	me.
Were	it	not	for	his	earlier	comment,	I	would	have	undoubtedly	killed	him.
“Oh	dear…”
Foduey	 heaved	 a	 dramatic,	 mocking	 sigh,	 as	 if	 to	 test	 the	 limits	 of	 my
rationality.
I	very	nearly	lost	control.
But	his	next	words	stopped	my	thoughts	in	their	tracks.
“If	you	consider	yourselves	so	superior,	you	should	at	least	learn	the	basics
that	we	inferior	humans	consider	common	knowledge.	Wouldn’t	you	agree,	Sir
Dragon?”
That	stunned	me	into	silence.
I	had	assumed	all	this	time	that	Foduey	was	operating	with	no	idea	that	I	was
a	dragon.
That	he	could	only	be	so	foolish	as	to	act	this	way	because	of	his	ignorance.
But	that	was	not	the	case.
He	knew	I	was	a	dragon,	and	mocked	me	nonetheless.
This	may	seem	like	a	small	difference,	but	it	was	quite	significant.
“You	insulted	me	knowing	that	I	am	a	dragon?”
“But	of	course.	If	there	is	a	reason	to	mock	someone,	I	will	be	sure	to	mock
them,	no	matter	who	they	might	be.”
My	honest	impression	at	this	point	was	that	he	was	very	eccentric	indeed.
Humans	at	the	time	knew	dragons	as	beings	not	to	be	trifled	with.
This	was	likely	only	a	dim	awareness,	since	most	of	them	would	never	meet
a	dragon	in	their	lifetimes,	but	it	was	still	a	view	common	to	all	of	humanity	that
it	would	be	incredibly	foolish	to	make	an	enemy	of	a	dragon.
He	had	treated	me	as	a	complete	fool	all	this	time,	but	he	was	the	one	being
foolish	by	the	standards	of	human	knowledge.
That	is	the	kind	of	man	Foduey	was.
Difficult	to	understand,	is	it	not?
“At	 any	 rate,	 we	 cannot	 have	 a	 productive	 conversation	 as	 you	 are	 now.
Please	leave	for	the	time	being.	And	do	try	to	study	human	society	at	least	a	little
bit	before	you	next	return.	Perhaps	then	you	will	understand	why	I	called	you	a
stalker	 and	 insulted	 you.	 If	 you	 still	 can’t	 figure	 out	 that	 much,	 then	 I	 suppose
Page 65
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 72 (PDF index) ---
there’s	 no	 hope	 for	 you.	 In	 which	 case,	 I	 must	 ask	 that	 you	 refrain	 from	 ever
showing	yourself	in	front	of	Lady	Sariel	again.”
He	 spoke	 of	 human	 understanding	 in	 spite	 of	 being	 such	 a	 strange	 enigma
himself.
Was	it	arrogance	or	just	foolhardiness…?
But	I	suppose	only	a	man	such	as	he	could	successfully	deal	with	a	dragon
like	me.
At	the	very	least,	his	words	did	make	me	think	that	I	should	at	least	hear	him
out.
Otherwise,	I	might	never	have	listened	to	the	words	of	a	human.
If	he	had	calculated	all	that	when	he	challenged	me,	I	suppose	Foduey	really
was	victorious.
This	was	how	I	first	met	Foduey.
It	was	certainly	a	rather	impactful	meeting,	as	well.
In	fact,	between	this	encounter	and	the	one	in	which	Sariel	knocked	me	out
cold,	it	would	still	be	difficult	to	say	which	first	meeting	was	more	impactful.
That	is	how	much	of	a	shock	this	was	to	my	system.
If	 my	 association	 with	 Ariel	 has	 been	 long	 yet	 sparse,	 you	 could	 say	 my
association	with	Foduey	was	short	yet	deep,	I	suppose.
Though	while	it	was	“short”	by	my	standards,	it	might	be	considered	rather
long	in	comparison	to	the	lifespan	of	a	human.
…Was	Foduey	not	already	aged	when	I	first	met	him?
He	was,	it	is	true.
Considering	 the	 lifespan	 of	 humans	 at	 the	 time,	 it	 would	 not	 have	 been
surprising	if	he	died	of	old	age	before	the	system	was	constructed.
But	in	fact,	he	carried	on	vivaciously	even	after	the	system	was	made.
In	fact,	he	went	on	such	a	wild	rampage	that	it	is	still	fearfully	spoken	of	in
some	circles	even	to	this	day.
After	all,	he	was	the	progenitor	of	vampires	in	this	world.
Hmm?	No,	when	I	first	met	him,	he	was	undoubtedly	an	ordinary	human.
He	became	a	vampire	some	time	later.
And	not	of	his	own	will,	either.
It	was	an	unfortunate	incident	indeed.
You	 could	 say	 that	 he	 was	 just	 caught	 up	 in	 a	 bigger	 disaster—man-made
though	it	was.
And	the	man	who	caused	that	calamity	was	none	other	than	Potimas.
Potimas	was	behind	most	nasty	incidents	at	that	time.
Page 66
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 73 (PDF index) ---
Since	 Foduey	 was	 contributing	 to	 the	 Sariella	 Foundation,	 he	 was	 bound	 to
come	up	against	Potimas	eventually.
It	simply	happened	at	a	particularly	poor	time.
But	let	us	discuss	the	events	that	led	to	Foduey	becoming	a	vampire	next	time
we	are	able	to	talk.
Page 67
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com