--- PAGE 75 (PDF index) ---
The	muzzles	of	the	robots’	guns	all	start	blasting.
As	 far	 as	 I	 recall,	 Potimas	 prefers	 not	 to	 waste	 bullets	 and	 avoids	 using
firearms	like	these.
But	now,	they’re	spraying	’em	out	like	crazy,	rules	be	damned!
A	wall	of	fire	closes	in	on	me	like	a	bullet	hell	game,	leaving	nowhere	to	run.
Seriously,	if	this	were	a	shoot-’em-up,	I’d	be	demanding	a	refund!
No	waaay	did	the	developers	expect	anyone	to	beat	this!
What	is	this,	an	unbeatable	boss?
Well,	I’m	not	gonna	get	beaten	here!
So	yeah.	I	activate	a	spatial	conjuring.
And	I	pop	all	those	bullets	right	into	a	separate	dimension.
Or	 rather,	 I	 just	 open	 up	 an	 entrance	 for	 them	 to	 fly	 right	 in	 of	 their	 own
accord.
Sent	into	an	empty	space,	the	bullets	just	whiz	around	aimlessly,	never	hitting
anything.
The	end.
Ha-ha-ha.
Shooting	attacks	won’t	work	on	a	master	of	spatial	conjuring	like	me!
Oh,	 unless	 I	 got	 shot	 too	 fast	 to	 be	 able	 to	 activate	 a	 conjuring	 in	 time,	 I
guess.
But	that’s	probably	not	gonna	happen!
Even	the	most	powerful	shooting	attack	will	never	reach	me	if	I	pop	it	into	an
alternate	dimension.
How’s	it	feel,	huh?
You	finally	use	the	bullets	you’ve	been	refusing	to	use,	saving	’em	up	like	a
stingy	old	miser,	and	they	all	get	totally	nullified?
You	mad?
Yeah,	you	mad.
Page 69
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 76 (PDF index) ---
Ahh,	my	only	regret	is	that	I	can’t	see	the	look	on	Potimas’s	stupid	face	for
myself.
…Okay,	I	guess	there’s	no	point	trying	to	piss	off	robots,	huh?	They’re	not
gonna	lose	their	cool	no	matter	what	I	say.
Not	that	I	was	saying	this	out	loud	for	anyone	to	hear	anyway!
What,	you	think	I	should	try	actually	saying	it?
Get	outta	here!	Are	you	telling	me	to	die	or	what?!
While	 I’m	 getting	 carried	 away	 with	 a	 one-man	 comedy	 bit	 in	 my	 internal
monologue,	one	of	the	robots	actually	charges	at	me	instead.
What,	they	figured	out	after	just	one	volley	that	shooting	isn’t	gonna	work	on
me?	But	they’re	just	robots!
Damn,	that’s	some	pretty	impressive	AI	they’ve	got	installed	there.
But	getting	closer	to	me	isn’t	gonna	make	them	any	more	of	a	threat.
I’d	estimate	their	speed	stats	to	be	no	higher	than	five	thousand	or	so.
With	 that	 kinda	 speed,	 they	 might	 as	 well	 be	 standing	 still	 as	 far	 as	 I’m
concerned.
And	 their	 defense	 is	 low	 enough	 that	 just	 a	 teensy	 little	 hit	 from	 my	 dark
conjurings	would	blow	them	to	bits.
If	I	take	’em	down	before	they	get	any	closer,	that’s	the	end	of	that.
But	since	I	went	to	all	the	trouble,	I	might	as	well	try	out	a	different	strategy
to	counterattack	them	here.
Come	on	out,	battle	clones!
Several	 battle	 clones	 from	 my	 spider	 squad	 pop	 out	 between	 me	 and	 the
robots.
Well,	now’s	as	good	a	time	as	any	to	explain	the	specs	of	the	battle	clones.
They’re	right	around	the	size	I	was	before	I	became	an	arachne,	and	the	same
shape,	too.
As	 for	 their	 battle	 power,	 I’d	 say	 their	 equivalent	 stats	 would	 probably	 be
around	ten	thousand	on	average.
Like	 me,	 they	 actually	 exist	 outside	 the	 scope	 of	 the	 system,	 so	 there’s	 no
way	to	Appraise	them	and	find	out	for	sure.
Also,	 that’s	 just	 an	 estimation	 of	 their	 base	 stats.	 Depending	 on	 the
circumstances,	I	can	provide	them	with	some	of	my	own	power	to	beef	them	up,
which	means	there’s	no	real	point	trying	to	guesstimate	their	stats	anyway.
Their	main	attack	methods	are	evil	eyes,	dark	conjurings,	spatial	conjurings,
thread,	scythes,	and	poison.
Frankly,	aside	from	my	being	human-shaped	instead	of	spider-shaped,	there’s
Page 70
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 77 (PDF index) ---
not	much	difference	from	fighting	the	real	me.
Obviously	I’ve	got	more	firepower,	but	they’re	fully	loaded	with	high	combat
capabilities.
I	call	them	“battle	clones”	for	a	reason,	y’know.
The	battle	clones	shoot	thread	at	the	robot	charging	toward	me.
The	thread	wraps	around	its	legs,	and	sticks	to	the	ground	as	well.
The	robot	topples	to	the	ground,	legs	completely	bound.
And	my	battle	clones	don’t	waste	a	second	before	they	swing	their	scythes,
slicing	the	robot	into	pieces.
Mm-hmm.
Not	bad,	if	I	do	say	so	myself!
Looks	like	they	can	wipe	out	robots	with	thread	and	scythes	alone.
Because	 of	 the	 nature	 of	 their	 specs,	 the	 battle	 clones’	 direct	 attacks	 with
their	thread	and	scythes	aren’t	particularly	powerful.
Those	are	really	just	sub-weapons.
Their	main	weapons?	That’d	be	evil	eyes	and	conjurings.
So	let’s	wrap	things	up	with	those!
The	battle	clones	fire	a	volley	of	black	bullets.
They	pierce	right	through	the	rest	of	the	robots,	blowing	them	to	bits.
Bwah-ha-ha-ha!	Behold!	My	army	is	invincible!
Huh?	 If	 it	 was	 going	 to	 be	 this	 easy,	 I	 should’ve	 just	 done	 that	 in	 the	 first
place!
I	mean,	yeah,	but	isn’t	it	better	to	be	sure	they	can	fight	with	just	their	thread
and	scythes,	just	in	case?
Verification	is	important,	if	you	ask	me.
Huh?	Pride?
…Come	on,	it’s	like	what	that	one	swordsman	said:
“This	isn’t	pride,	it’s	confidence!”
So	allow	me	to	show	you	why	I’m	so	confident	now!
Battle	clones!	Full-power	operation!
I	 temporarily	 stop	 the	 information-gathering	 clones	 that	 are	 off	 spying	 and
such	in	other	areas.
The	information	that	usually	feeds	into	my	mind	nonstop	from	thousands	of
spy	clones	all	over	the	world	temporarily	cuts	off.
In	exchange,	I	can	focus	on	using	the	battle	clones	to	their	full	potentiial.
There	 are	 around	 ten	 thousand	 battle	 clones	 in	 total	 that	 I	 summoned	 to
exterminate	the	elves.
Page 71
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 78 (PDF index) ---
While	 I	 was	 running	 the	 information-gathering	 clones	 at	 the	 same	 time,	 I
could	only	give	them	basic	commands,	but	what	happens	when	I	can	focus	my
full	attention	on	their	performance?
I	know	the	number	of	robots	caught	me	by	surprise,	but	I’ve	got	big	numbers
on	my	side	too,	you	know!
Now	let’s	wipe	the	floor	with	them!
All	over	the	elf	village,	fights	break	out	between	battle	clones	and	robots.
But	the	battle	clones	are	a	whole	lot	stronger	than	the	robots.
The	robots	might	have	the	advantage	of	numbers,	but	while	they’re	scattered
all	over	the	elf	village,	the	battle	clones	are	concentrated	around	the	residential
district.
I’m	not	going	to	end	up	getting	backed	into	a	corner	on	my	own,	at	least.
We	 can	 just	 exterminate	 the	 robots—beginning	 with	 the	 residential	 area—
and	then	expand	our	circle	of	conquest	outward	from	there.
So,	we	start	advancing,	destroying	robots	along	the	way.
There	 are	 robots	 out	 near	 the	 imperial	 and	 demon	 armies	 now,	 too,	 so	 I’m
going	to	head	that	way	to	back	them	up.
Neither	 army	 has	 made	 contact	 with	 the	 robots	 yet.	 I	 should	 still	 be	 able	 to
get	there	in	time.
I’m	 sure	 Vampy	 and	 Mr.	 Oni	 would	 be	 fine,	 but	 Mera	 would	 have	 a	 hard
time	taking	on	more	than	one	or	two	robots	by	himself.
What,	the	taratect	troop?
You	really	think	they’d	need	my	help	when	they	have	a	queen?
The	 queen’s	 breath	 attack	 could	 raze	 a	 whole	 row	 of	 robots	 to	 the	 ground,
y’know?
Seriously,	queens	are	way	too	strong…
So	yeah,	I	think	I	can	trust	the	queen	to	take	care	of	that	area.
Thanks	 to	 my	 battle	 clones	 turning	 the	 tide	 of	 battle	 back	 in	 our	 favor,	 the
puppet	spiders	are	going	all-out	again,	too.
They’re	 gleefully	 charging	 at	 robots,	 blocking	 bullets	 with	 swords	 and
slashing	them	in	half	at	the	torso.
Right,	 I	 guess	 the	 four	 of	 them	 can	 take	 down	 a	 single	 robot	 without	 a
problem.
Even	one-on-one,	the	puppet	spiders	are	stronger—I	don’t	think	they	would
lose.
They	 retreated	 because	 they	 were	 outnumbered,	 but	 now	 we’ve	 got	 that
advantage,	too.
Page 72
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 79 (PDF index) ---
Still,	what	a	calculating	bunch,	only	giving	it	their	all	when	they	know	we’re
going	to	win…
As	I	roll	my	eyes	at	the	puppet	spiders,	the	ground	in	front	of	me	suddenly
opens	up,	and	something	new	emerges	from	below.
What	is	it,	more	robots?	Wait,	that	silhouette	doesn’t	look	right.
I	mean,	at	first	glance,	it’s	not	that	different	from	a	robot’s	silhouette.
But	the	size	seems…wrong.
It’s	huge.
This	must	be	the	powered-up	version	of	these	robots!
Still,	 I	 feel	 like	 I’ve	 seen	 this	 particular	 robot	 somewhere	 before,	 for	 some
reason…
But	the	one	I	saw	was	a	lot	messier,	and	busted	up	all	over…
Then	it	hits	me.
It	 was	 a	 few	 years	 ago,	 when	 we	 were	 still	 traveling	 toward	 the	 demon
territory.
The	 time	 when	 a	 UFO,	 an	 ancient	 weapon	 that	 was	 hidden	 underground,
suddenly	reappeared!
With	a	final-boss	robot	inside!
This	thing	looks	just	like	that	one!
What	did	Potimas	say	when	he	saw	it,	again?
Something	about	a	“Gloria.”
Then	I	guess	the	final	boss	robot	was	made	based	on	an	adapted	version	of
the	blueprints	for	his	“Gloria”	or	whatever.
Which	 means	 the	 one	 I’m	 looking	 at	 now	 is	 the	 properly	 made	 version	 of
that.
So	that’s	a	little	scary.
I	remember	what	Potimas	said	at	the	time.
“The	 original	 could	 easily	 destroy	 even	 an	 upper-class	 dragon.	 Ah,	 I	 mean
the	fakes,	not	the	originals,	of	course.”
The	 only	 upper-class	 dragons	 I	 know	 are	 the	 ones	 like	 the	 wind	 dragon
Hyuvan,	 who	 fought	 alongside	 us	 against	 the	 UFO.	 While	 Hyuvan	 wasn’t	 as
strong	as	Mother,	the	queen	taratect,	his	stats	were	easily	over	ten	thousand	on
average.
Hell,	his	speed	was	over	thirty	thousand.
That’s	higher	than	the	puppet	spiders.
And	 Potimas	 bragged	 that	 his	 original	 “Gloria”	 robot	 could	 easily	 destroy
such	a	dragon.
Page 73
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 80 (PDF index) ---
That’ll	be	tough	for	the	puppet	spiders.
Even	my	battle	clones	would	probably	need	to	face	it	in	a	group.
But	still,	it	wouldn’t	be	too	hard	to	win.
…If	there	were	only	one,	that	is.
But	 based	 on	 the	 visual	 information	 I’m	 getting	 from	 my	 battle	 clones	 all
over	the	vicinity,	even	more	Glorias	are	popping	up	in	other	places,	too.
Oh	come	on,	you	can	mass-produce	these	things?!	You	gotta	be	kidding	me!
Page 74
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com