--- PAGE 81 (PDF index) ---
“Listen	up,	kids!	You	better	eat	every	last	bite!”
The	director’s	voice	echoed	through	the	orphanage	cafeteria.
Mealtime	tended	to	be	quite	noisy,	since	the	children	were	always	talking	and
laughing,	but	her	yell	still	rang	out	loud	and	clear.
“What’s	this?	There’s	still	food	on	your	plate!”
“I’m	on	a	diet.”
The	director’s	brow	furrowed	as	she	looked	at	the	girl’s	food.
By	this	time,	most	of	us	were	entering	our	teens	and	approaching	puberty.
“Don’t	be	ridiculous.	You’re	like	a	bony	little	chicken!	You	have	to	get	fat
before	you	can	go	on	a	diet!”
“Whaaat?	But	you’re	fat	and	you	still	aren’t	on	a	diet,	Director.”
“Of	course	a	little	child	like	you	can’t	understand	the	appeal	of	my	alluring
body!	If	you	don’t	eat,	your	chest	will	never	get	any	bigger!”
The	girl	in	question	glanced	down	at	her	chest,	and	I	remember	watching	her
reluctantly	resume	eating.
I	was	very	jealous	of	her	meal.
At	the	time,	I	could	still	only	have	a	liquid	diet.
My	body	required	more	nutrients	than	the	average	person’s.
The	IV	constantly	attached	to	my	arm	helped	compensate	for	that,	but	it	still
wasn’t	 enough;	 only	 with	 the	 addition	 of	 an	 easily	 digestible,	 highly	 nutritious
liquid	diet	could	I	manage	to	make	ends	meet.
My	 body	 was	 weakened	 by	 the	 venom	 my	 organs	 constantly	 produced,
preventing	me	from	digesting	anything	else.
So	 I	 was	 envious	 of	 the	 other	 kids	 who	 could	 eat	 all	 the	 solid	 food	 they
wanted.
But	I	never	said	that	out	loud.
Everyone	in	the	orphanage	had	a	handicap	in	one	way	or	another.
The	girl	who	claimed	to	be	on	a	diet	looked	like	a	normal	human,	but	she	was
Page 75
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 82 (PDF index) ---
undoubtedly	a	chimera,	too.
She	had	apparently	been	given	DNA	from	many	different	kinds	of	animals,
which	 all	 had	 different	 effects	 on	 her	 body,	 though	 each	 individual	 effect	 was
slight.
Still,	even	if	each	one	of	them	was	small,	the	overall	effect	was	too	large	to
ignore.
And	there	was	no	way	to	fundamentally	cure	our	conditions,	only	to	treat	the
symptoms.
Because	we	were	born	with	these	bodies.
The	only	way	to	truly	fix	us	would	be	to	literally	remake	us.
That	was	impossible	with	the	level	of	medical	technology	at	the	time;	I	doubt
even	Potimas	could	have	done	it.
We	had	no	choice	but	to	deal	with	the	bodies	we’d	been	given	until	we	died.
And	there	was	no	doubt	that	death	would	come	for	us	sooner	than	it	would
for	a	normal	human.
Not	 one	 of	 us	 ever	 thought	 that	 we	 would	 have	 the	 same	 lifespan	 as	 an
ordinary	person.
Perhaps	that	is	why	we	each	started	vaguely	thinking	about	the	future.
When	 we	 reached	 puberty,	 we	 graduated	 from	 being	 innocent	 children	 and
took	our	first	steps	toward	adulthood.
That	was	when	we	first	started	thinking	about	what	it	would	mean	to	be	an
adult.
And	wondering	if	we	would	even	live	long	enough	for	that	to	happen…
One	day,	Lady	Sariel	came	back,	dragging	two	battered-looking	kids	behind	her.
Not	again,	I	thought	to	myself,	exasperated.
The	children	in	question	were	two	of	the	quickest	to	start	fights	out	of	all	the
kids	in	the	orphanage.
Whenever	 they	 started	 fighting	 outside	 the	 orphanage,	 Lady	 Sariel	 always
punished	them	and	brought	them	back	here	by	force.
She	knew	these	were	no	ordinary	squabbles	between	children.
As	 chimeras,	 the	 two	 of	 them	 were	 stronger	 than	 normal	 humans.	 If	 they
punched	 an	 ordinary	 child	 with	 all	 their	 might,	 they	 could	 seriously	 injure	 or
even	kill	them.
Which	is	why	Lady	Sariel	always	ran	to	collect	them	right	away.
These	two	weren’t	the	only	ones	who	got	into	trouble.
The	 handful	 of	 kids	 who	 were	 able	 to	 leave	 the	 orphanage	 were	 always
Page 76
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 83 (PDF index) ---
causing	some	kind	of	commotion,	and	Lady	Sariel	came	to	get	them	every	time.
We	weren’t	forbidden	from	leaving	the	orphanage,	but	there	were	only	a	few
of	us	kids	who	could	actually	go	outside.
In	my	case,	it	was	because	of	my	health.
For	the	others,	it	was	their	appearance.
The	orphanage	was	in	a	remote	area,	but	it	wasn’t	completely	uninhabited.
Technically,	 the	 people	 who	 lived	 nearby	 had	 been	 informed	 of	 the
orphanage’s	unique	nature.
But	that	didn’t	mean	they	would	unconditionally	accept	the	chimeras,	whose
appearance	immediately	distinguished	them	from	normal	humans.
Children	who	were	around	the	same	age	were	all	the	more	merciless.
This	is	all	secondhand,	since	I	was	never	able	to	leave	the	orphanage	myself,
but	I	heard	that	some	kids	really	did	have	rocks	thrown	at	them.
I	remember	being	shocked	that	such	a	clichéd	scene	could	actually	happen	in
real	life.
But	even	if	it	sounded	like	a	fairy	tale,	this	was	our	reality.
It	was	clear	what	the	other	people	who	lived	near	the	orphanage	thought	of
us,	even	if	they	didn’t	all	throw	rocks	like	some	of	the	children	did.
To	them,	our	existence	was	a	nuisance.
And	 when	 they	 already	 shunned	 us	 like	 that,	 any	 trouble	 we	 caused	 would
give	them	an	even	worse	impression	of	us.
That’s	 why	 Lady	 Sariel	 always	 went	 out	 to	 retrieve	 the	 kids	 before	 that
happened.
But	obviously,	it	didn’t	feel	good	for	us	to	be	disliked,	either.
The	 two	 kids	 that	 Lady	 Sariel	 often	 brought	 back	 were	 short-tempered	 and
quick	to	fight	on	the	basis	of	“an	eye	for	an	eye!”
Since	the	neighboring	kids	lashed	out	at	them,	they	lashed	out	right	back.
That’s	just	how	those	two	were.
Fortunately,	thanks	to	Lady	Sariel,	the	two	of	them	never	actually	managed
to	get	in	a	full-on	fight	with	the	kids	who	lived	nearby.
But	that	doesn’t	mean	they	never	tried.
In	truth,	they	did	raise	their	hands	to	strike,	but	were	stopped	by	Lady	Sariel
before	they	could	follow	through.
If	their	hands	actually	made	contact,	I	doubt	those	kids	would	have	escaped
unscathed.
And	 then	 it	 would	 be	 impossible	 to	 repair	 the	 relationship	 between	 the
orphanage	and	its	neighbors.
Page 77
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 84 (PDF index) ---
Even	 without	 that	 happening,	 the	 fact	 that	 they	 tried	 to	 start	 a	 fight	 still
remained,	forming	a	gulf	between	us.
The	gulf	became	a	sense	of	loathing	that	showed	in	the	locals’	attitudes,	and
the	orphanage	kids	resented	that	and	caused	more	problems.
This	vicious	cycle	was	already	well	underway	by	the	day	of	these	events.
So	we	were	all	the	more	reluctant	to	leave	the	orphanage.
But	 there	 were	 still	 the	 active	 types	 who	 refused	 to	 be	 penned	 up	 and
continued	 to	 go	 outside,	 and	 the	 problem	 children	 who	 brazenly	 ignored	 the
concerns.
“Let	go!”
One	of	those	problem	children	was	thrashing	around	to	escape	Lady	Sariel’s
grasp.
Sariel	obeyed	his	request	and	released	him.
“Geh?!”
What	happened	when	she	let	go	while	holding	him	in	midair?
Obviously,	gravity	sent	him	crashing	to	the	floor.
The	unfortunate	child	hit	the	ground	face-first	and	crouched	down,	clutching
his	nose.
“Why’d	you	let	go?!”
“That	is	a	highly	irrational	complaint.”
Lady	Sariel	coolly	brushed	off	his	response.
To	 some	 people,	 that	 might	 seem	 like	 an	 attempt	 at	 provocation,	 but	 we’d
known	Lady	Sariel	long	enough	to	learn	that	this	was	her	default	mode.
She	was	a	very	peculiar	person,	to	say	the	least.
Her	expression	rarely	changed.
Since	she	always	looked	indifferent,	it	was	easy	to	assume	she	was	cool	and
collected,	but	it	didn’t	take	long	to	realize	that	wasn’t	the	case.
In	a	word,	Lady	Sariel	was	a	weirdo.
She	was	a	little	bit	off	from	other	people,	in	various	ways.
At	times	she	seemed	to	have	deep	knowledge	that	none	of	us	had,	yet	other
times	she	didn’t	understand	things	we	didn’t	even	have	to	think	about.
Her	behavior	was	very	irregular.
This	instance	was	no	exception:	She	released	someone	when	she	was	told	“let
go!”,	then	when	the	boy	smacked	his	nose	as	a	result	and	asked	“why’d	you	let
go?!”,	she	claimed	he	was	being	“irrational.”
I	don’t	think	Lady	Sariel	was	trying	to	make	fun	of	the	boy	in	that	exchange.
She	wasn’t	annoyed,	either;	I	think	she	just	observed	impartially	that	the	boy
Page 78
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 85 (PDF index) ---
was	contradicting	himself	and	decided	to	inform	him	that	it	was	irrational.
Of	 course,	 this	 is	 all	 just	 speculation	 on	 my	 part.	 Unfortunately,	 it	 was
impossible	to	tell	what	Lady	Sariel	was	really	thinking.
Her	 behavior	 was	 so	 astoundingly	 far	 removed	 from	 our	 idea	 of	 common
sense	that	even	we	couldn’t	completely	understand	her.
In	terms	of	knowledge,	she	was	so	wise	and	well-informed	that	it	seemed	like
there	 was	 nothing	 she	 didn’t	 know;	 when	 we	 were	 young	 and	 asked	 “why?”
about	everything,	she	answered	each	question	without	a	moment’s	hesitation.
But	 when	 it	 came	 to	 people’s	 emotions	 or	 ways	 of	 thinking,	 she	 suddenly
seemed	clueless.
It	 was	 as	 if	 she	 understood	 the	 range	 of	 human	 emotion	 in	 theory,	 but
couldn’t	put	her	understanding	to	practical	use…
In	fact,	when	I	learned	that	she	was	an	angel	and	not	a	human,	it	made	perfect
sense.
All	the	more	so	when	Gülie	told	me	about	the	nature	of	angels	later	on.
Humans	and	angels	seem	to	have	fundamentally	different	thought	processes.
From	what	he	told	me,	angels	are	faithful	to	the	mission	they’ve	been	given,
and	they	never	waste	time	thinking	about	anything	else	more	than	necessary.
However,	 Lady	 Sariel	 was	 not	 an	 ordinary	 angel,	 but	 a	 “lost	 angel,”	 an
unusual	position	that	was	likely	why	she	became	so	close	with	humans.
“Dammit!	Next	time	I	see	those	kids,	I’m	gonna	punch	’em	in	the	face!”
“Violence	is	not	the	answer.”
The	boy	punched	the	floor	with	his	free	hand,	still	clutching	his	nose	with	the
other.
“Violence	is	a	crime.	Assault	and	battery.”
“Shut	up!	Besides,	they’re	the	ones	who	started	it!”
“Even	so.	It	is	wrong.”
Lady	Sariel	knew	every	law	of	every	nation.
Since	the	mind	of	an	angel	works	so	differently	from	that	of	a	human,	I	don’t
know	how	much	she	truly	understood	us	in	the	end.
But	I	think	she	learned	by	studying	laws	that	humans	loathed	violence.
“Those	jerks…”
The	other	boy	she’d	captured,	who	had	been	silent	all	this	time,	finally	spoke.
“They	were	making	fun	of	us.	Of	the	orphanage,	of	Lady	Sariel…”
He	bit	his	lip	in	frustration.
I	understood	how	he	felt.
We	were	a	family,	an	irreplaceable	one.
Page 79
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 86 (PDF index) ---
How	could	anyone	stay	silent	if	someone	spoke	ill	of	their	family?
“Even	then,	violence	is	not	the	answer.”
“Why	not?!”
“Because	that	is	what	the	law	has	decided.”
Lady	Sariel’s	response	was	brief.
Since	the	law	said	it	was	forbidden,	it	must	not	be	done.
“So	you’re	saying	the	law	is	always	right?!”
“No.”
This	response	seemed	to	negate	her	previous	statement.
She	wasn’t	saying	that	we	had	to	obey	the	law	because	it	was	correct?
“Then	why	do	we	gotta	follow	it?!”
“Because	if	you	do	not,	you	will	be	judged	accordingly.”
“And	that’s	a	good	enough	reason	not	to	break	it?!”
“Yes.”
Lady	Sariel	wasn’t	talking	about	good	or	evil.
She	 was	 simply	 teaching	 us	 that	 if	 we	 resorted	 to	 violence,	 we	 would	 be
arrested,	whether	the	violence	was	just	or	not.
“If	 they	 attack	 you	 with	 words,	 you	 should	 argue	 with	 words	 of	 your	 own,
not	actions.”
That	was	logical	enough.
But	 the	 local	 kids	 were	 discriminating	 against	 us	 just	 because	 we	 were
chimeras.
They	 used	 the	 circumstances	 of	 our	 birth,	 which	 we	 couldn’t	 possibly
change,	as	fodder	to	insult	us.
Even	if	we	wanted	to	argue	against	them,	they	were	already	convinced	that
we	were	inferior.
Logic	wouldn’t	work	on	that	kind	of	people.
“How	are	we	supposed	to	do	that…?”
The	boys	were	even	more	aware	of	that	than	I	was,	since	I’d	never	actually
interacted	with	the	local	kids	myself.
They	weren’t	willing	to	listen	to	anything	we	had	to	say.
But	we	couldn’t	use	violence,	either.
There	was	no	way	out.
“Think	on	it.”
That	was	Lady	Sariel’s	only	response.
“What	 is	 the	 best	 approach?	 What	 is	 the	 worst?	 You	 should	 always	 be
thinking	about	these	things.	That	is	how	people	grow.”
Page 80
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 87 (PDF index) ---
…I	don’t	know	if	just	thinking	about	it	could	possibly	solve	this	problem.
Lady	 Sariel’s	 words	 were	 good	 ones,	 but	 I’m	 not	 sure	 if	 they	 were	 entirely
suited	to	the	occasion.
There	really	was	something	strange	about	Lady	Sariel.
But	we	could	all	tell	that	she	was	trying	to	give	us	advice	because	she	cared
about	us.
That	sentiment	alone	was	what	saved	us.
Page 81
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 88 (PDF index) ---
Page 82
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com