--- PAGE 89 (PDF index) ---
My	 relationship	 with	 Foduey	 continued	 in	 spite	 of	 that	 confrontational	 first
meeting.
Since	he	made	a	fool	of	me,	I	was	determined	to	make	him	eat	those	words.
So	I	studied	up	on	humanity,	and	periodically	went	to	show	off	the	results	to
him.
This	 continued	 for	 a	 while,	 regardless	 of	 the	 fact	 that	 my	 original	 goal	 had
been	to	speak	to	Sariel.
I	went	to	see	a	woman,	was	chased	off	by	an	old	man,	and	ended	up	having
clandestine	meetings	with	the	man	instead.
When	I	put	it	that	way,	it’s	quite	a	ridiculous	thing,	isn’t	it?
…Let’s	not	dig	any	deeper	into	that	line	of	thought.
Whenever	 Foduey	 and	 I	 met	 up,	 we	 spent	 most	 of	 our	 time	 on	 one	 thing:
games.
The	world	the	reincarnations	came	from	had	games	such	as	shogi,	correct?
Well,	this	world	had	something	similar.
Shun	taught	the	rules	of	shogi	to	Julius,	who	taught	it	to	me	as	Hyrince,	and
made	me	play	with	him	until	I	resented	losing.
The	concept	of	being	able	to	use	pieces	one	had	stolen	was	quite	novel.
In	 our	 shogi-esque	 game,	 pieces	 that	 had	 been	 taken	 were	 eliminated	 from
the	board	completely.
In	exchange,	there	were	more	pieces	than	in	shogi,	and	the	board	was	larger.
That	 made	 things	 more	 complicated,	 such	 that	 even	 a	 single	 match	 took	 a
long	time.
So	 a	 simplified	 version	 with	 less	 pieces	 and	 a	 smaller	 board	 was	 more
popular	with	the	general	public.
The	only	people	who	played	the	full	version	were	pros	and	experts.
Foduey	happened	to	be	the	latter.
Being	 the	 man	 known	 as	 the	 “Demon	 Lord	 of	 the	 business	 world,”	 he
Page 83
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 90 (PDF index) ---
excelled	at	controlling	the	board	just	as	he	did	in	business.
He	likely	could	have	held	his	own	even	against	a	professional	player.
Heh.	He	never	defeated	me	once,	though.
But	human	and	dragon	minds	calculate	things	very	differently.
It’s	only	logical	that	I	would	surpass	him	at	such	a	game.
Immature?
…Perhaps	a	little	bit.
But	considering	our	first	meeting,	is	it	so	wrong	that	I	would	want	to	have	a
taste	of	revenge	against	him?
At	any	rate,	on	one	such	day,	Foduey	and	I	were	playing	yet	again.
“Hrmm…”
Once	I	made	my	move,	Foduey	groaned	and	stopped	moving	for	a	while.
He	glared	at	the	board	for	a	while	longer,	but	finally	he	gave	a	long	sigh	and
sank	back	into	his	chair.
“I	resign.”
It	was	the	correct	decision.
He	had	no	chance	of	turning	things	around,	no	matter	how	he	struggled.
“Good	gracious.	I	thought	myself	a	decent	player.	But	being	decimated	this
thoroughly	is	actually	rather	refreshing	in	a	way.”
Those	words	appeared	to	be	genuine,	not	just	an	effort	to	hide	his	frustration.
He	wore	an	amused	grin	despite	the	fact	that	he	had	lost.
Foduey	reached	out	to	move	the	pieces	back	to	their	starting	positions.
“You	want	to	keep	going?”
As	 Foduey	 cheerfully	 attempted	 to	 continue	 to	 the	 next	 battle,	 I	 grew
somewhat	irritated.
Each	round	of	this	game	took	a	considerable	amount	of	time,	as	I	said	before.
It	was	mildly	bewildering	to	me	that	Foduey	still	wanted	to	keep	playing.
“Come	now,	you	have	more	time	than	you	could	ever	need.	Surely	you	can
humor	an	old	man	with	precious	little	time	left	for	a	while	longer.”
It	was	true	that	as	a	dragon,	I	had	no	lifespan	to	worry	about.
Even	if	each	match	took	a	relatively	long	time,	it	still	passed	by	in	the	blink
of	an	eye	compared	to	the	eternity	a	dragon	could	live.
There	 would	 be	 no	 wasted	 time	 to	 speak	 of	 if	 I	 played	 with	 him	 a	 little
longer.
“Precious	little	time,	hmm?”	I	muttered	pointedly.
Foduey	and	I	were	playing	at	a	table	in	a	large	room.
For	 someone	 of	 Foduey’s	 wealth,	 however,	 the	 size	 of	 the	 room	 seemed
Page 84
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 91 (PDF index) ---
rather	modest.
It	was	only	furnished	to	the	bare	minimum,	with	no	showy	décor	whatsoever.
I	suppose	you	could	call	that	minimalism,	but	it	seemed	a	strange	lifestyle	for
someone	like	Foduey,	whose	total	assets	were	an	order	of	magnitude	higher	than
that	of	most	people.
Strangest	 of	 all,	 there	 wasn’t	 a	 single	 window	 in	 the	 entire	 room,	 and	 the
lighting	was	quite	dim.
“…Good	point.	I	suppose	we	don’t	know	if	that’s	still	the	case	anymore.”
Foduey	gave	a	smile	that	was	more	of	a	grimace,	revealing	pointed	canines	at
the	edges	of	his	mouth.
“Dear	 me…	 I	 thought	 I’d	 already	 had	 more	 ups	 and	 downs	 in	 life	 than	 the
average	person.	Who	would	have	thought	that	something	like	this	would	happen
so	near	to	the	end?”
“True.	I	doubt	even	the	most	knowledgeable	minds	could	have	predicted	such
an	outcome.”
Even	I,	a	dragon,	never	thought	that	this	would	happen.
To	 borrow	 an	 idiom	 from	 the	 reincarnations,	 it	 was	 what	 one	 might	 call	 “a
bolt	from	the	blue.”
In	 terms	 of	 our	 game,	 it	 was	 as	 if	 someone	 had	 come	 over	 and	 flipped	 the
entire	board.
That	is	how	unimaginable	what	happened	to	Foduey	really	was.
I	can	only	tell	what	happened	secondhand.
After	all,	I	did	not	spend	my	every	waking	hour	observing	the	human	world.
I	know	only	what	Foduey	himself	told	me,	as	I	was	not	there	myself.
At	 the	 time,	 the	 Sariella	 Foundation	 was	 secretly	 working	 to	 expose	 a
criminal	organization.
In	fact,	it	was	a	combination	of	several	different	groups.
However,	 there	 was	 no	 obvious	 connection	 between	 them,	 and	 none	 of	 the
groups	even	knew	what	others	they	were	working	with.
This	made	it	very	difficult	to	investigate,	and	time-consuming.
The	 Sariella	 Foundation	 realized	 this	 and	 decided	 to	 use	 somewhat	 forceful
means	that	ignored	customary	practices,	attempting	to	infiltrate	the	groups.
I	do	not	believe	they	were	wrong	to	do	so.	If	they	left	the	organization	to	its
own	devices,	there	would	more	than	likely	have	been	even	more	victims.
Even	then,	unfortunately	enough,	they	were	already	too	late.
That	 criminal	 organization	 had	 been	 made	 for	 the	 sole	 purpose	 of	 carrying
Page 85
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 92 (PDF index) ---
out	a	certain	man’s	machinations.
As	you	may	have	already	guessed,	that	man	was	none	other	than	Potimas.
He	 was	 sowing	 the	 seeds	 of	 his	 influence	 in	 criminal	 organizations	 all	 over
the	world,	slowly	taking	over—all	without	ever	showing	himself.
His	 caution	 was	 so	 excessive	 that	 most	 of	 the	 organizations	 weren’t	 even
aware	that	they	were	connected	to	Potimas	at	all.
But	no	amount	of	caution	can	keep	such	activities	secret	forever.
Potimas	overreached	himself.
In	 the	 end,	 it	 was	 the	 orphans	 who	 helped	 the	 Sariella	 Foundation	 find
Potimas.
The	Foundation	 managed	and	 supported	orphanages	 all	 over	the	 world,	 and
in	the	course	of	these	activities,	they	discovered	something	strange.
There	was	an	increasing	number	of	orphaned	children	disappearing.
Generally,	 children	 left	 the	 orphanage	 if	 they	 were	 adopted	 by	 a	 foster
family,	reached	a	certain	age,	and	so	on.
But	 more	 and	 more,	 they	 found	 they	 could	 no	 longer	 locate	 the	 children
afterward.
Of	 course,	 even	 the	 Sariella	 Foundation	 couldn’t	 keep	 track	 of	 every	 single
child	who	moved	on	from	the	orphanage,	but	they	had	certain	systems	in	place
to	ensure	that	the	children	didn’t	fall	upon	hard	times	after	leaving.
In	most	cases,	they	found	jobs	through	employment	agencies	affiliated	with
the	Sariella	Foundation	and	made	a	living	that	way.
But	 at	 some	 point,	 the	 number	 of	 orphans	 using	 that	 employment	 agency
started	to	decrease.
It	 was	 a	 minor	 enough	 change	 that	 most	 people	 would	 pay	 it	 no	 mind,	 but
Sariel	noticed	something	was	amiss	and	ordered	an	investigation.
As	 a	 result,	 they	 discovered	 that	 some	 of	 the	 orphans	 had	 gone	 missing
entirely,	and	behind	it	was	an	organization	under	Potimas’s	control.
The	 kidnapped	 orphans	 were	 being	 subjected	 to	 Potimas’s	 human
experiments.
While	 the	 chimeras	 at	 Sariel’s	 orphanage	 were	 the	 result	 of	 experiments
meant	to	produce	chimeras	from	birth,	these	stolen	orphans	were	being	subjected
to	experiments	to	turn	them	into	chimeras	after	the	fact.
Unfortunately,	 this	 proved	 to	 be	 more	 difficult	 than	 creating	 chimeras	 from
birth,	and	most	of	these	kidnapped	children	could	not	be	saved.
The	only	survivors	were	those	who	were	rescued	before	being	experimented
on.
Page 86
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 93 (PDF index) ---
Because	 of	 all	 this,	 there	 was	 no	 time	 to	 gather	 proof	 and	 expose	 each
organization.	 Instead,	 the	 Sariella	 Foundation	 used	 all	 of	 its	 power	 to	 attack
these	groups.
I	am	told	that	all	the	major	nations	chose	to	avert	their	eyes	from	this	rather
violent	tactic,	presumably	with	some	motivation	by	Foduey.
Since	the	Sariella	Foundation	was	rooting	out	evil	in	their	respective	lands,	I
assume	it	was	mutually	beneficial.
Though	 I	 don’t	 know	 about	 the	 nations	 that	 were	 colluding	 with	 those
criminal	organizations.
Lip	 service	 isn’t	 enough	 to	 keep	 a	 nation	 running.	 Sometimes	 it	 takes
unconventional	measures,	even	if	that	includes	criminals.
I	suppose	humans	would	call	it	a	necessary	evil.
Some	of	the	nations	probably	just	took	advantage	of	both	sides,	but	that	is	not
relevant	now.
I	am	sure	many	politicians	proved	their	mettle	by	filling	in	the	gaps	left	once
the	criminal	organizations	were	all	eliminated.
If	Foduey	had	been	healthy,	I’m	sure	he	would	have	intervened	and	collected
even	more	money	than	he	spent,	but	unfortunately	that	was	not	the	case.
As	I	said,	the	Sariella	Foundation	utilized	some	forceful	strategies	to	root	out
these	organizations.
Those	strategies	included	the	direct	use	of	military	power.
The	 Sariella	 Foundation	 sometimes	 sent	 doctors	 and	 such	 into	 conflicted
territories.
They	 needed	 soldiers	 to	 protect	 those	 doctors,	 which	 meant	 they	 had	 their
own	army,	technically	a	private	security	firm.
Even	a	group	like	the	Sariella	Foundation	had	to	dirty	its	hands	at	times.
That	was	what	the	security	firm	was	for.
It	goes	without	saying	that	this	force	played	a	part	in	taking	out	the	criminal
organizations	as	well.
Now,	I	will	say	in	advance	that	the	force	was	not	at	fault	for	what	happened.
Even	Foduey	himself	said	so,	and	after	hearing	the	full	story,	I	was	inclined
to	agree.
No	one	was	at	fault	here—it	was	just	incredibly	bad	luck.
…No,	I	suppose	there	was	one	person	at	fault:	Potimas,	of	course.
Potimas’s	 experiments	 covered	 a	 wide	 range,	 including	 attempts	 to	 turn
subjects	into	vampires.
Nowadays,	 the	 word	 vampire	 likely	 calls	 Sophia	 to	 mind,	 but	 before	 she
Page 87
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 94 (PDF index) ---
appeared,	vampires	had	not	existed	for	a	very	long	time.
Truth	be	told,	they	were	exterminated.
But	we	can	discuss	that	particular	history	another	time.
You	see,	vampires	still	did	not	exist	even	at	the	time	when	Foduey	was	alive.
To	a	reincarnation,	it	might	make	sense	for	a	world	in	which	dragons	exist	to
have	vampires	as	well,	but	in	fact	it	is	the	opposite.
There	were	no	vampires	because	there	are	dragons.
Even	more	so	because	of	Sariella,	I	suppose.
Vampires	really	do	exist	conceptually,	just	like	dragons	and	angels.
Did	you	think	Sophia’s	abilities	were	due	to	her	skill?
No,	she	is	a	proper	vampire.
She	was	simply	given	relevant	skills	after	being	born	as	a	vampire.
Although,	 of	 course,	 the	 fact	 that	 she	 was	 born	 a	 vampire	 was	 undoubtedly
due	to	D’s	meddling.
Vampires	are	a	sort	of	conjured	race,	an	acquired	species	made	by	the	power
of	conjuring.
As	 such,	 anyone	 can	 be	 made	 into	 a	 vampire	 as	 long	 as	 the	 requisite
conjuring	is	performed.
But	think	about	it,	hmm?
A	 species	 that	 can	 create	 more	 of	 itself	 just	 by	 biting	 people	 and	 drinking
their	blood	is	bound	to	destroy	the	ecosystem.
Vampirism	is	essentially	a	disease.
If	it	spreads,	there	is	no	stopping	it.
That	is	why	dragons	decided	to	exterminate	vampires	whenever	possible,	and
why	they	also	run	counter	to	Sariel’s	mission	of	protecting	the	native	species.
Vampires	are	akin	to	an	invasive	species.	They	had	to	be	eliminated.
Thus,	vampires	only	existed	in	stories,	even	in	this	world.
Do	you	find	it	strange	that	tales	of	them	survive,	even	if	only	in	legend?
Irritatingly	 enough,	 knowledge	 of	 such	 significant	 beings	 spreads	 no	 matter
what.
There	 is	 a	 theory	 that	 people	 unconsciously	 sense	 the	 existence	 of	 such
creatures	from	far	away,	and	reflect	it	in	stories	that	spread	throughout	society.
There	 were	 tales	 of	 dragons	 and	 angels	 even	 in	 the	 reincarnations’	 world,
were	there	not?
So,	 are	 the	 creatures	 in	 that	 story	 truly	 the	 stuff	 of	 fiction,	 or	 something
more?
Stories	are	powerful	things.
Page 88
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 95 (PDF index) ---
Even	we	dragons	and	Sariel	could	not	control	their	propagation.
Most	humans	knew	of	vampires	only	as	fictional	creatures.
Yet	 somehow,	 Potimas	 managed	 to	 independently	 develop	 a	 conjuring	 for
creating	vampires.
Though	I	am	loath	to	admit	it,	the	man	is	undoubtedly	a	genius.
But	even	he	could	not	create	completely	flawless	runes	from	scratch.
Though	his	vampire	conjuring	was	completed,	it	was	technically	a	failure.
Those	who	were	turned	into	vampires	would	lose	their	minds,	attacking	any
living	 thing	 they	 saw,	 and	 eventually	 becoming	 beasts	 who	 lived	 only	 to	 drink
blood.
Potimas	locked	away	these	failed	vampires	in	one	of	his	organizations.
They	were	sealed	in	the	forms	of	the	kidnapped	orphans,	who	sadly	were	the
victims	of	this	experiment.
Not	long	after,	the	Sariella	Foundation’s	security	forces	were	sent	out	to	save
them.
They	brought	down	the	organization	and	rescued	the	victims.
Unfortunately,	 said	 victims	 had	 gone	 mad	 due	 to	 the	 effects	 of	 the
experiments,	 and	 even	 tried	 to	 attack	 the	 force,	 but	 were	 successfully	 brought
into	custody.
At	this	point,	I	imagine	you	have	some	idea	of	what	happened	to	that	force,
correct?
Yes,	that’s	right.
The	 victims,	 the	 failed	 vampires,	 bit	 several	 of	 the	 people	 in	 the	 security
force.
I	 doubt	 I	 need	 to	 elaborate	 on	 the	 results,	 but	 those	 who	 were	 bitten	 turned
into	vampires.
And,	like	the	victims	of	the	experiments,	they	lost	their	minds,	too.
Worse	yet,	there	was	a	delay	between	when	they	were	bitten	and	when	they
transformed	into	vampires.
In	the	case	of	true	vampires,	the	transformation	is	complete	the	moment	the
vampire	bites	the	victim	and	drinks	their	blood	with	the	intent	to	turn	them.
But	that	wasn’t	so	for	the	failed	vampires.
The	 length	 of	 time	 varied	 between	 individuals,	 but	 some	 of	 them	 continued
acting	normal	for	up	to	several	days,	or	so	I	am	told.
Then	 their	 condition	 would	 suddenly	 worsen,	 they	 would	 grow	 disoriented,
and	within	moments	they	lost	all	sanity.
Thus,	 the	 security	 force	 members	 who	 were	 bitten	 transformed	 into	 more
Page 89
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 96 (PDF index) ---
failed	vampires.
One	of	these	members	was	the	reason	Foduey	was	turned	into	a	vampire	as
well.
Evidently,	he	was	the	captain	of	the	force.
He	was	reporting	to	Foduey	about	the	attack	on	the	organization,	his	findings
from	the	location,	and	so	on.
In	 a	 terrible	 twist	 of	 fate,	 that	 happened	 to	 be	 the	 moment	 when	 he
transformed	into	a	vampire.
Thus,	the	person	he	then	attacked	and	bit	was	Foduey.
…I	did	not	know	this	captain,	as	we	never	met.
But	 according	 to	 Foduey,	 when	 he	 was	 giving	 the	 report,	 he	 expressed
sympathy	 for	 the	 victims	 who	 were	 transfigured,	 and	 righteous	 anger	 at	 the
perpetrators.
Given	how	much	Foduey	trusted	him,	he	must	have	been	a	good	man.
Which	 is	 apparently	 why	 no	 one	 who	 knew	 him	 believed	 that	 he	 would
suddenly	attack	Foduey	like	that.
That	 man’s	 unexpectedly	 violent	 act,	 and	 the	 fact	 that	 the	 all-important
Foduey	 was	 attacked,	 led	 to	 a	 swift	 and	 thorough	 investigation	 into	 the
frightening	phenomenon	of	vampire	transformation.
There	were	the	original	victims	of	the	human	experiments,	then	the	second-
wave	victims,	the	force	members	who	were	bitten	by	the	original	victims.
And	then,	there	were	the	third-wave	victims	who	were	bitten	by	those	force
members.
All	were	quickly	quarantined.
It	 was	 a	 highly	 dangerous	 situation.	 If	 they	 had	 acted	 even	 a	 little	 less
quickly,	a	vampirism	pandemic	might	have	spread	through	the	entire	world	in	a
flash.
I	 hate	 to	 put	 it	 this	 way,	 but	 you	 could	 say	 that	 Foduey’s	 sacrifice	 kept	 the
number	of	victims	to	a	minimum.
In	 fact,	 all	 things	 considered,	 it	 is	 nothing	 short	 of	 miraculous	 that	 the
damage	was	so	small.
And	there	was	one	other	miracle,	too.
Namely,	Foduey’s	mind.
The	victims	lost	their	sanity,	but	Foduey	was	an	exception.
When	Foduey	was	bitten,	the	blood	loss	put	his	already	elderly	body	on	the
verge	of	death.
He	fell	into	a	coma	for	a	time,	but	eventually	awoke.
Page 90
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 97 (PDF index) ---
Since	 he	 had	 already	 developed	 the	 fangs	 that	 signified	 a	 vampire
transformation,	it	was	assumed	he	would	not	be	sane	even	if	he	did	wake	up,	so
he	was	restrained	in	the	bed.
When	 he	 awoke,	 he	 struggled	 against	 the	 bonds	 immediately,	 and	 shouted
angrily	at	the	doctor	who	came	running	over,	demanding	to	be	released.
That	was	how	the	doctor	discovered	that	Foduey	had	retained	a	sound	mind.
It’s	unclear	why	Foduey	was	able	to	stay	sane.
Even	I	do	not	know	everything.
Sometimes,	things	happen	in	life	that	defy	all	expectations.
Foduey	is	one	example,	Potimas	another.
Although	in	my	estimation,	Foduey’s	stubbornness	and	spite	must	have	won
out	over	the	vampiric	curse.
Still,	 it	 didn’t	 change	 the	 fact	 that	 he	 was	 turned	 into	 a	 vampire,	 even	 if	 he
stayed	sane.
And	 there	 was	 no	 telling	 whether	 he	 might	 someday	 lose	 his	 mind	 like	 the
other	victims.
Thus,	Foduey	was	kept	in	isolation.
I	was	visiting	him	in	his	isolation	ward.
“Hrm.”
Foduey	grumbled	again.
Now	that	he	was	being	kept	in	isolation,	he	had	lots	of	time	on	his	hands.
So	I	periodically	visited	and	played	games	with	him.
Even	if	he	was	being	kept	in	isolation,	there	was	no	way	to	prevent	a	dragon
like	me	from	visiting	a	human.
The	supervisor	of	the	isolation	facility	was	reluctant,	but	he	did	not	stop	my
visits.
“No	take-backs,	understood?”
“Heavens,	of	course	not.	There	are	few	situations	in	life	that	allow	for	take-
backs.	That	is	precisely	why	humans	are	so	afraid	of	making	mistakes.”
Sure	 enough,	 I	 do	 not	 remember	 a	 single	 instance	 of	 Foduey	 attempting	 to
take	back	a	move.
“But	humans	still	make	mistakes.	It	happens,	no	matter	how	hard	we	try.	We
accumulate	 these	 mistakes,	 write	 rules	 in	 an	 effort	 to	 avoid	 making	 new	 ones,
and	try	to	reduce	the	number	of	mistakes	we	make	as	we	go.	Human	history	is	a
chronicle	of	mistakes.	And	we	learn	from	those	mistakes	to	shape	the	future.	Not
that	the	mistakes	ever	stop	completely.”
Page 91
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 98 (PDF index) ---
Foduey	moved	a	piece	as	he	spoke.
I	moved	my	piece	right	away,	so	that	it	was	Foduey’s	turn	again.
But	he	was	deep	in	thought	and	made	no	further	moves	for	a	while.
“And	I	have	not	lost	all	these	many	times	in	vain.	Each	time	I	am	defeated,
each	time	I	fail,	I	take	it	as	another	lesson.	And	now	I	will	put	all	those	lessons
to	use	in	this	one	move!”
Foduey	made	a	dramatic	declaration	as	he	moved	another	piece.
At	that,	I	promptly	moved	one	of	my	own	pieces	to	block	his	move.
An	awkward	silence	settled	over	us	for	a	moment.
“…No	matter	how	much	one	tries	to	eliminate	mistakes,	there	is	no	guarantee
that	it	will	lead	to	victory.	This	is	a	perfect	example	of	that.”
“Very	smooth.”
Foduey	was	nothing	if	not	loquacious.
From	 meaningless	 chatter	 to	 groan-inducing	 metaphors,	 he	 was	 always
talking	throughout	every	game.
“They	do	say	that	language	is	humanity’s	greatest	invention.	Human	history
is	also	a	long	record	of	arguing	in	circles.”
“No,	that	doesn’t	make	sense.”
It	 was	 frequently	 difficult	 to	 tell	 whether	 he	 was	 being	 serious	 about	 topics
like	this,	which	led	to	no	small	amount	of	bewilderment	on	my	part.
“But	of	course	it	makes	sense.	Because	of	the	existence	of	dragons	and	their
absolute	power,	we	humans	could	never	depend	on	military	might	alone.	In	the
end,	 words	 are	 our	 greatest	 weapons,	 but	 it	 took	 countless	 arguments	 to	 hone
them	 to	 this	 level.	 Twisting	 the	 truth,	 talking	 the	 enemy	 over	 to	 one’s	 own
side…	 It	 is	 because	 we	 have	 done	 these	 things	 for	 so	 long	 that	 our	 tongues
became	so	sharp.”
“Don’t	 blame	 your	 own	 nastiness	 on	 history.	 Nor	 do	 I	 appreciate	 you
casually	blaming	us	dragons,	for	that	matter.”
Foduey	definitely	had	a	natural	talent	for	sophism.
…Not	exactly	an	ideal	trait.
“Honestly.	Your	endless	rambling	never	ceases	to	amaze.”
“Yes,	I	daresay	there	are	few	who	could	best	me	at	it.”
Foduey	acted	as	if	my	sarcasm	were	a	compliment,	even	having	the	nerve	to
look	smug	as	he	moved	his	piece.
Of	course,	I	made	my	own	move	immediately	to	wipe	the	smirk	off	his	face.
“I	can	certainly	best	you	at	this	game,	but	not	at	talking,”	I	muttered.
“I	should	think	not.	Humans	and	dragons	really	do	think	at	different	speeds.
Page 92
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 99 (PDF index) ---
No	matter	how	many	times	I	challenge	you,	I	doubt	I	can	ever	win	against	you	at
this	game.	It’s	a	strange	thing,	isn’t	it?	They	both	lie	in	the	realm	of	the	mind,
but	while	I	can	never	beat	you	in	a	game,	I	suspect	I	would	never	lose	to	you	in
an	 argument.	 Perhaps	 it	 means	 that	 dragons	 are	 superior	 in	 overall	 calculation
ability,	but	humans	are	better	at	being	shrewd	and	crafty?”
Foduey	glowered	at	the	board,	but	still	looked	somewhat	pleased.
“There	 is	 no	 doubt	 that	 dragons	 are	 magnificent,	 of	 course.	 But	 no	 matter
how	 great	 they	 might	 be,	 that	 doesn’t	 mean	 there	 aren’t	 any	 aspects	 in	 which
they	 fall	 short	 of	 other	 creatures.	 Dragons	 are	 not	 as	 cunning	 as	 humans.	 They
don’t	have	to	be	because	they’re	strong	enough	without	it.	Instead	of	resorting	to
any	 cowardly	 means	 necessary	 like	 humans	 so	 often	 do,	 dragons	 can	 generally
seize	 victory	 just	 by	 facing	 the	 enemy	 head-on.	 So	 there	 was	 never	 a	 need	 for
you	to	be	shrewd.	But	you	see,	that	is	negligence	on	the	part	of	dragons.	Because
you	 write	 off	 humans	 as	 lesser	 beings,	 our	 craftiness	 confounds	 you.	 Just	 as	 I
have	currently	smooth-talked	you,	a	dragon,	into	fighting	me	on	human	terms.”
Foduey	looked	even	more	delighted	now.
Despite	our	battle	being	on	the	board,	Foduey’s	words	did	indeed	fill	me	with
a	helpless	sense	of	defeat.
It	felt	as	if	I	had	played	right	into	the	hands	of	the	man	in	front	of	me,	who,
from	a	dragon’s	perspective,	was	only	a	frail	old	man	unworthy	of	note.
And	indeed,	from	a	neutral	perspective,	that	really	was	the	case.
I,	a	dragon,	was	being	thoroughly	manipulated	by	a	human,	a	lesser	being.
Well,	I	suppose	by	that	point	he	was	a	vampire	and	not	a	human,	but	that	is	a
trivial	matter.
“Humans	are	cowardly,	and	far	more	foolish	than	dragons	realize.	We	have
made	mistakes	throughout	history,	and	supposedly	learned	from	those	mistakes,
yet	we	continue	to	make	more.	Mistakes	upon	mistakes	upon	mistakes.	What’s
worse,	each	time	we	make	a	mistake	we	become	craftier,	and	so	the	amount	of
damage	done	by	each	mistake	only	grows.	Even	though	these	lessons	are	meant
to	reduce	the	damage.	Isn’t	that	strange?”
Despite	feeling	like	I	was	playing	into	his	hands,	I	continued	to	face	Foduey
from	a	human	perspective,	because	I	knew	this	was	a	sort	of	test.
A	trial	to	see	if	I	could	face	Sariel.
“You	are	a	dragon,	yet	you	have	learned	the	perspective	of	humans.	I	doubt
that	 means	 you	 have	 come	 to	 fully	 understand	 humans,	 of	 course.	 As	 I	 said
before,	humans	are	far	more	foolish	than	dragons	believe.	Lady	Sariel	has	been
facing	that	foolishness	all	this	time.”
Page 93
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 100 (PDF index) ---
Foduey	moved	his	piece.
This	time,	I	moved	my	own	almost	before	Foduey’s	hand	had	even	left	his.
“I	resign.”
Foduey	admitted	defeat	with	a	sunny	expression.
“You	 possess	 the	 perspective	 of	 both	 god	 and	 mankind.	 Perhaps,	 then,	 you
can	bring	about	change	in	Lady	Sariel.	It	is	no	longer	within	the	realm	of	human
possibility,	but	a	god	should	not	do	it,	either.	It	must	be	someone	who	is	a	god	of
sorts,	yet	understands	humans	as	well.”
This	was	a	serious	piece	of	advice	from	the	defeated	to	the	victor.
And	then,	a	request.
“You	see	the	sorry	state	I	am	in.	I	doubt	I	will	ever	leave	this	room	again.	So
I	will	entrust	this	task	to	you.”
Now	 that	 he	 had	 been	 turned	 into	 a	 vampire	 and	 isolated,	 there	 was	 little
Foduey	could	do	on	his	own.
He	could	still	offer	monetary	support	within	reason,	but	nothing	more.
There	 was	 a	 limit	 to	 how	 much	 he	 could	 work	 for	 Sariel’s	 sake	 as	 he	 once
did.
“Please,	take	care	of	Lady	Sariel.”
Foduey	bowed	his	head	in	supplication,	but	I	said	nothing.
Was	there	anything	I	could	do	for	Sariel?
A	part	of	me	did	not	know	how	to	answer	that	question.
And	so,	I	couldn’t	bring	myself	to	agree	so	easily.
…My	concerns,	I’m	afraid,	were	right	on	the	mark.
In	the	end,	I	was	never	able	to	live	up	to	Foduey’s	expectations.
Page 94
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com