--- PAGE 102 (PDF index) ---
Okay,	what	the	hell?!
Here	I	was,	busting	robots	left	and	right,	thinking	this	was	gonna	be	a	piece
of	cake.
But	 it	 turns	 out	 the	 robots	 I	 was	 beating	 were	 actually	 the	 mass-produced-
trash	tier,	and	now	I	gotta	deal	with	these	giant	“Gloria”	mega-robot	things.
On	top	of	that,	those	are	mass-produced,	too…
And	we	don’t	know	yet	how	strong	these	mega-robots	are.
If	what	Potimas	said	that	one	time	is	true,	then	they’re	even	stronger	than	a
top-tier	dragon.
And	there’s	a	ton	of	them…
Yeah,	this	doesn’t	look	so	good,	does	it…?
I	 don’t	 think	 I	 can	 mess	 around	 with	 trying	 to	 “conserve	 my	 strength”
anymore.
Originally,	 I	 was	 hoping	 to	 avoid	 losing	 too	 many	 clones	 in	 this	 battle	 so	 I
could	save	’em	for	later	in	the	war,	but	it	looks	like	this	isn’t	the	time	to	worry
about	that	anymore.
I	 use	 my	 Panoptic	 Vision	 to	 do	 a	 quick	 estimate	 of	 the	 mega-robots’
numbers.
Dude,	there’s	almost	a	thousand	of	them!
At	least	that’s	less	than	the	regular	robots.
But	 the	 idea	 of	 that	 many	 robots	 that	 are	 stronger	 than	 dragons	 is	 still
terrifying.
This	 also	 applies	 to	 the	 puppet	 spiders,	 but	 if	 a	 group	 with	 stats	 averaging
over	ten	thousand	really	wanted	to,	they	could	easily	take	down	a	whole	nation.
The	likes	of	humans	and	demons,	whose	stats	are	usually	under	a	thousand,
wouldn’t	be	able	to	put	up	a	fight.
Maybe	 if	 several	 of	 those	 rare	 individuals	 whose	 stats	 are	 over	 a	 thousand
were	to	work	together,	they	might	stand	a	chance	of	stopping	a	monster	like	that,
Page 96
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 103 (PDF index) ---
and	possibly	lose	their	lives	in	the	process.
Unless	 you’re	 a	 special	 case	 like	 a	 hero,	 it’s	 a	 mistake	 to	 even	 try	 fighting
them.
That’s	the	kind	of	threat	we’re	talking	about	here.
And	 even	 among	 that	 level	 of	 monsters,	 greater	 dragons	 are	 particularly
powerful.
Now,	supposedly,	these	mega-robots	can	beat	a	greater	dragon.
And	there’s	over	a	thousand	of	them?!
Seriously,	a	force	like	this	could	take	on	the	entire	world	and	win…
The	only	people	who	could	stop	something	like	that	are	probably	the	Demon
Lord	and	Güli-güli…
Uh,	Mr.	Potty?	You	trying	to	destroy	the	world	or	what?
…Actually,	I	guess	it	is	Potimas’s	fault	that	this	world	was	nearly	wiped	out
in	the	first	place.
Is	he	a	god	of	destruction	or	something?
…I’m	starting	to	feel	like	that	might	be	kinda	accurate.
Okay,	enough	getting	distracted	with	stupid	thoughts.	I	need	to	do	something
about	the	mega-robot	vanguard	of	said	god	of	destruction,	stat.
I	mean,	okay,	let’s	calm	down.
Potimas	is	the	one	who	claimed	they’re	stronger	than	greater	dragons,	right?
So	 it’s	 totally	 possible	 that	 he	 might	 just	 be	 exaggerating	 and	 they’re	 not
actually	that	bad,	riiiight?
The	mega-robot	in	front	of	me	moves.
In	spite	of	its	huge	size,	it	only	takes	an	instant	for	it	to	close	in	on	one	of	the
puppet	spiders—Riel—and	slashes	at	her	with	its	sword.
Riel	 just	 barely	 manages	 to	 dodge,	 bending	 over	 backward	 like	 she’s	 going
into	bridge	pose	to	narrowly	avoid	the	blade.
…Why	did	she	dodge	it	like	that,	though?
A	 moment	 later,	 the	 other	 three	 sisters	 all	 jump	 at	 the	 mega-robot	 that
attacked	Riel.
The	 puppet	 spiders	 have	 already	 busted	 out	 their	 six	 hidden	 arms,	 each
equipped	with	weapons,	slashing	at	the	mega-robot!
The	unpleasant	sound	of	metal	clashing	against	metal	rings	out.
Riel	and	the	other	three	all	jump	back	as	if	repelled.
…Riel	is	still	scuttling	around	on	her	back	for	some	reason,	fleeing	in	a	crab
walk,	but	let’s	just	ignore	that.
As	for	the	mega-robot?	There’s	not	a	scratch	on	it!
Page 97
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 104 (PDF index) ---
So	instead,	the	puppet	spiders	start	firing	magic.
It’s	the	Black	Spear	spell	I	always	used	to	use!
Pitch-black	 spears	 appear	 in	 midair	 and	 attack	 the	 mega-robot	 from	 all
directions!
But	then,	they	disappear	right	before	they	can	hit	the	armor.
That	 must	 be	 the	 Anti-Technique	 Barrier	 that	 Potimas	 always	 uses,	 the	 one
that	cancels	out	conjurings.
It	 doesn’t	 seem	 like	 the	 mega-robots	 can	 produce	 it	 over	 a	 wide	 range	 like
Potimas,	but	instead	it’s	probably	coated	over	their	armor	somehow.
In	other	words,	the	only	way	to	beat	these	things	is	to	either	crush	them	with
a	 non-conjuring-related	 physical	 attack,	 or	 hit	 them	 with	 something	 so	 huge	 it
busts	through	the	barrier…
But	 cutting	 attacks	 from	 the	 puppet	 spiders,	 whose	 stats	 are	 in	 the	 ten
thousands,	 aren’t	 making	 a	 scratch,	 and	 their	 magic	 didn’t	 work,	 so	 both
physical	and	magic	attacks	are	gonna	be	tough…
Basically,	their	defense	is	bad	news.
So	what	about	their	attack	power…?
The	mega-robot	aims	some	sort	of	firing	system	at	the	puppet	spiders,	as	if	to
get	payback.
The	resulting	laser	beams	easily	pierce	through	the	trees	and	even	the	ground
itself.
Of	 course,	 the	 puppet	 spiders	 made	 themselves	 scarce	 before	 those	 beams
could	 hit.	 But	 judging	 by	 the	 depth	 of	 the	 holes	 left	 in	 the	 ground,	 a	 direct	 hit
would’ve	done	some	serious	damage	even	to	the	puppet	spiders.
As	Fiel	dodges	the	laser,	a	blade	comes	sweeping	down	toward	her.
These	mega-robots	can	move	from	one	attack	to	the	next	way	too	quickly.
They’re	far	too	fast,	and	too	good	at	assessing	the	situation,	for	giant	robots.
Or	wait,	I	guess	they’re	good	at	that	because	they’re	robots,	huh?
The	 problem	 is	 that	 their	 mechanical	 bodies	 are	 somehow	 able	 to	 keep	 up
with	their	quick	mental	calculations.
If	you	converted	that	speed	into	stats,	it’d	easily	be	over	ten	thousand.
I	can	tell	that	much	because	Fiel	can’t	even	keep	up.
In	terms	of	timing,	it	would’ve	been	impossible	for	Fiel	to	dodge	that	slash
on	her	own…
It	 slashes	 through	 the	 place	 where	 Fiel	 would’ve	 been	 just	 as	 I	 teleport	 her
over	to	my	side.
The	 blade	 hits	 the	 ground,	 but	 instead	 of	 breaking,	 it	 actually	 slashes	 right
Page 98
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 105 (PDF index) ---
through	the	surface	without	slowing.
Okay,	got	it.	Their	attack	power	is	super	high,	too.
Forget	 tough	 vegetables	 and	 sinewy	 meat—folks,	 this	 blade	 can	 slash	 right
through	the	damn	cutting	board,	too!
…So,	these	things	are	seriously	strong	enough	to	beat	a	greater	dragon.
And	there’s	seeeeriously	over	a	thousand	of	theeem…?
I	 was	 being	 careful	 not	 to	 underestimate	 Potimas,	 but	 this	 is	 still	 a	liiiittle
more	intense	than	I	was	expecting,	y’know?
…Okay,	sorry,	I	lied.
I	did	underestimate	him	a	tiny	bit.	I	admit	it…
But	I	mean,	c’mon!
We’ve	been	beating	the	snot	out	of	Potimas	lately,	dude!
Like	that	time	when	the	former	seventh	battalion	of	the	demon	army	rebelled.
We	didn’t	come	out	of	that	so	hot,	either,	but	I	literally	punched	him	in	the	face,
remember?
And	 when	 he	 was	 sneaking	 around	 in	 the	 background	 of	 the	 last	 big	 battle,
we	got	the	jump	on	him	and	destroyed	his	plans,	right?
See?	Potimas	hasn’t	had	a	single	win	lately!
How	could	I	not	underestimate	him	a	little?
After	 all	 that,	 making	 a	 slight	 miscalculation	 like	 this	 was	 practically
unavoidable.
AKA	it’s	not	my	fault.
If	 anything,	 I	 guess	 this	 just	 proves	 the	 big	 talk	 Potimas	 is	 always	 strutting
around	with	isn’t	just	talk	after	all.
The	 reason	 he’s	 been	 kinda	 pathetic	 lately	 is	 probably	 because	 he	 couldn’t
actually	use	his	full	strength	for	those	encounters.
If	he	cut	even	one	of	these	mega-robots	loose,	Güli-güli	would	definitely	be
on	top	of	it.
I	imagine	Potimas	is	scared	of	Güli-güli	and	wants	to	avoid	that	at	all	costs.
Which	also	means	he’s	not	scared	of	anyone	else.
He	seriously	intends	to	crush	us	this	time	around.
I’m	sure	he	went	into	this	fully	confident	that	he’s	strong	enough	to	win,	too.
Thinking	that	there’s	no	way	he	could	lose,	just	like	I	keep	saying.
I	can	see	why	he	might	think	that,	with	all	this	firepower	stashed	away.
But	that	doesn’t	mean	he	can	beat	me.
Page 99
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 106 (PDF index) ---
I’ll	admit	it:	Potimas’s	forces	are	stronger	than	I	expected.
But	they’re	still	not	outside	the	range	of	what	I	can	handle.
Maybe	Potimas	has	absolute	confidence,	but	so	do	I.
It’s	 true	 that	 his	 forces	 were	 a	 little	 more	 than	 I	 bargained	 for,	 but	 only
because	my	estimation	was	“I	dunno,	maybe	this	much?”,	and	it	was	higher	than
that	line,	that’s	all.
The	line	in	question	was	the	midpoint	between	the	best	and	worst	scenario	I
could	imagine.
Potimas	 has	 gone	 above	 and	 beyond	 that	 line,	 but	 he	 hasn’t	 crossed	 the
worst-case	scenario.
I	mean,	the	worst	thing	I	can	imagine	is	him	having	enough	power	to	go	toe-
to-toe	with	Güli-güli.
I	seriously	doubt	Potimas	has	surpassed	that.
Knowing	 him,	 if	 he	 could	 do	 something	 like	 that,	 he	 would’ve	 done	 it	 by
now.
He’s	only	been	relatively	well-behaved	all	this	time	because	of	Güli-güli.	If
he	had	a	way	to	get	that	thorn	out	of	his	side,	there’s	no	way	he	wouldn’t	jump	at
the	chance.
Since	he	hasn’t	taken	out	Güli-güli	yet,	that	means	Potimas’s	strength	is	less
than	or	equal	to	Güli-güli’s.
I	 say	 possibly	 “equal	 to”	 because	 of	 Potimas’s	 overcautious	 personality;	 I
figure	if	his	odds	of	winning	were	fifty-fifty,	he’d	probably	be	reluctant	to	try.
Güli-güli	is	definitely	a	thorn	in	Potimas’s	side,	but	he’s	still	not	the	type	to
risk	putting	himself	in	danger	to	challenge	that	thorn.
After	all,	defeating	Güli-güli	isn’t	Potimas’s	goal…
He’s	 only	 got	 this	 much	 power	 to	 defend	 himself	 just	 in	 case—it’s	 not	 his
primary	objective.
That’s	why	I	assumed	it’d	be	on	the	lower	side,	but	I	guess	he’s	even	more	of
a	coward	than	I	thought.
He	must	be	really	scared	of	Güli-güli.
But	if	anything,	that’s	why	I’m	confident	I	can	beat	Potimas.
Because	 I’ve	 prepared	 myself	 to	 fight	 anyone,	 even	 possibly	 Güli-güli
himself.
Our	big	plan	is	to	destroy	the	system.
When	Güli-güli	finds	out	about	that,	there’s	no	guarantee	he	won’t	try	to	stop
us	personally.
If	anything,	I	think	there’s	a	pretty	good	chance	he	will.
Page 100
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 107 (PDF index) ---
Which	is	why	I’ve	been	studying	diligently	so	that	I	could	even	defeat	Güli-
güli!
There’s	no	way	I’m	gonna	lose	to	some	wimp	who’s	been	hiding	from	Güli-
güli	in	the	elf	village	instead!
Listen	up,	all	you	battle	clones!
Forget	about	the	regular	robots!
Focus	all	your	efforts	on	destroying	those	mega-robots!
There’s	about	a	thousand	mega-robots.
Versus	ten	thousand	battle	clones.
We’ve	got	ten	times	their	numbers.
But	in	terms	of	approximate	stats,	the	battle	clones	are	only	a	little	over	ten
thousand	on	average,	not	much	different	from	the	puppet	spiders.
Considering	 that	 all	 four	 puppet	 spiders	 together	 couldn’t	 lay	 a	 finger	 on	 a
single	 mega-robot,	 it	 doesn’t	 seem	 like	 numbers	 alone	 will	 be	 enough	 to	 make
up	for	the	difference	in	strength.
Sadly,	fighting	power	doesn’t	work	like	addition.
Having	ten	fighters	with	the	equivalent	of	stats	around	ten	thousand	doesn’t
add	up	to	winning	against	one	opponent	with	stats	around	a	hundred	thousand.
Now,	 I’m	 guessing	 the	 mega-robots’	 strength	 would	 translate	 into	 stats	 of
around	twenty	thousand.
Around	the	equivalent	of	a	queen	taratect,	or	maybe	even	a	little	weaker.
If	the	puppet	spiders	fought	them	fully	prepared	to	die,	they	 might	be	able	to
take	one	down	with	them.
Meaning	that	since	the	battle	clones	are	about	the	same	strength	as	the	puppet
spiders,	they	might	be	able	to	win	if	I’m	willing	to	lose	at	least	four	of	them	to
each	mega-robot.
Not	that	I	have	any	intention	of	making	such	a	big	sacrifice,	of	course.
It’s	true,	the	battle	clones’	physical	strength	would	be	around	ten	thousand	if
converted	into	stats.
But	that’s	just	their	physical	ability	we’re	talking	about.
The	outcomes	of	battles	in	this	world	aren’t	determined	solely	by	stats.
Back	in	the	day,	I	wrestled	victory	away	from	opponents	with	much	higher
average	stats	than	me	thanks	to	the	power	of	skills.
Now	that	I’ve	been	removed	from	the	system,	I	can’t	use	skills	anymore,	but
I	have	conjurings	that	I’ve	practiced	and	perfected	to	recreate	those	skills.
And	that	goes	for	the	battle	clones,	too.
Frankly,	their	ten-thousand-stat	physical	strength	is	just	a	bonus.
Page 101
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 108 (PDF index) ---
I’ve	never	been	a	big	fan	of	close	combat,	anyway.
My	strength,	and	the	strength	of	my	battle	clones,	is	using	threads	and	poison
from	a	moderate	distance	to	weaken	the	enemy,	or	attacking	with	magic	from	a
long	distance.
Their	physical	prowess	is	only	there	to	help	them	do	just	that!
Now,	let	me	give	you	a	little	demonstration!
Battle	clones!	Use	Dimension	Cutter	on	the	mega-robots!
Allow	me	to	explain!
Dimension	 Cutter	 is	 a	 special	 finishing	 move	 that	 uses	 spatial	 conjuring	 to
divide	 up	 the	 space	 that	 the	 enemy	 is	 occupying,	 creating	 an	 unblockable
slashing	attack!
Since	it’s	separating	the	space	itself,	there’s	no	way	to	defend	against	it	with
physical	strength!
Unless	the	target	takes	some	serious	countermeasures,	spatial	conjuring	can
turn	 into	 an	 unstoppable	 killer	 move,	 just	 like	 that	 time	 a	 while	 back	 when	 I
transported	Mr.	Oni	way	up	into	the	air	so	he	dropped	to	the	ground.
Since	it’s	so	unfairly	powerful,	the	Spatial	Magic	skill	had	limits	on	that	kind
of	insta-kill	strategy,	but	I’m	not	bound	by	those	rules	anymore!
In	other	words,	I	can	use	as	many	unfair	insta-kill	moves	as	I	want!
Even	the	mega-robots	won’t	come	out	unscathed	against	a	move	like	th…
…ah.
The	battle	clones	all	used	Dimension	Cutter.
But	they	failed	because	of	the	anti-conjuring	barrier	coating	the	mega-robots’
armor.
…O-okay,	there’s	no	need	to	panic	just	yet!
Play	it	cool…	Play	it	cool…
Riiiight.
I	got	a	little	ahead	of	myself	and	launched	a	volley	of	Dimension	Cutters,	but
if	you	really	think	about	it,	of	course	that	wouldn’t	work	on	the	mega-robots.
Dimension	Cutter	is	a	conjuring	that	acts	on	space	itself.
And	 the	 barrier	 around	 the	 mega-robots’	 armor	 prevents	 conjurings	 from
activating	within	a	certain	range.
Yes,	it’s	got	a	range!
In	other	words,	in	a	certain	space!
So,	 I	 used	 a	 conjuring	 on	 a	 space	 containing	 a	 barrier	 that	 blocks	 any
conjurings	from	activating	within	that	space.
Yep!	And	look	how	that	turned	out!
Page 102
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 109 (PDF index) ---
It	didn’t	work	at	all!
Wow!	What	a	terrible	combination!
Hmmm.
That	 probably	 means	 that	 practically	 none	 of	 my	 other	 attack-based	 spatial
conjurings	are	gonna	work,	either.
Without	 countermeasures,	 spatial	 conjurings	 can	 be	 an	 unstoppable,	 unfair
attack.
The	only	problem	is	that	if	there	 are	 countermeasures,	 then	 they	 just	 won’t
work	at	all.
Separating	 space	 as	 with	 Dimension	 Cutter,	 crushing	 the	 entire	 space,	 or
teleporting	them	someplace	dangerous	like	I	did	to	Mr.	Oni…	Noooone	of	that	is
gonna	fly	with	these	things.
Since	 spatial	 conjurings	 work	 on	 space,	 all	 you	 have	 to	 do	 is	 make	 it	 so	 it
can’t	be	used	on	that	space,	and	it’ll	block	everything	completely…
I	doubt	the	mega-robots’	barriers	were	made	purely	with	spatial	conjuring	in
mind,	but	they	certainly	make	a	perfect	defense	against	it,	I’ve	got	to	admit.
So	what	am	I	gonna	do	now…?
If	I	can’t	use	spatial	conjuring,	the	strongest	and	most	unfair	of	all	my	ace-in-
the-hole	attacks,	that	puts	a	serious	limit	on	my	options	here…
The	 simplest	 way	 to	 ignore	 the	 anti-technique	 barrier	 would	 be	 physical
attacks,	but	as	I	keep	saying,	the	battle	clones’	physical	abilities	would	only	be
around	ten	thousand	in	terms	of	stats.
If	the	puppet	spiders	couldn’t	put	a	single	scratch	on	that	armor	with	the	same
kind	of	stats,	I	seriously	doubt	the	battle	clones	could	deal	any	serious	damage
just	by	charging	at	them.
Now,	 annihilation	 attacks	 would	 probably	 work	 if	 I	 was	 willing	 to	 allow	 a
whole	lot	of	honorable	deaths,	but…
Annihilation	attacks	are	my	equivalent	of	the	Rot-attribute	attacks.
Back	 when	 I	 had	 skills,	 they	 were	 a	 crazy	 self-injurious	 attack	 method	 that
dealt	a	huge	amount	of	damage	in	exchange	for	some	serious	recoil.
When	I	used	Rot	attacks,	whole	parts	of	my	body	would	disappear.
But	apparently,	even	that	extreme	recoil	from	the	skill	was	getting	off	easy.
If	 one	 of	 my	 battle	 clones	 uses	 an	 annihilation	 attack,	 the	 whole	 clone
disintegrates.
Basically,	it’s	a	full-on	self-destruct	attack.
In	exchange,	it’s	incredibly	powerful,	but	using	it	requires	the	sacrifice	of	a
clone.
Page 103
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 110 (PDF index) ---
Which	means	if	I	wanted	to	defeat	all	thousand	or	so	mega-robots,	I	would
have	to	lose	the	same	number	of	clones	to	do	the	job.
That	doesn’t	seem	very	cost-effective,	though,	does	it?
The	 one	 exception	 is	 that	 my	 signature	 weapon,	 the	 giant	 scythe,	 can	 wield
annihilation	 attacks	 without	 the	 resulting	 recoil	 damage.	 Going	 around
destroying	every	single	mega-robot	by	myself	would	take	forever,	though.
I	guess	using	annihilation	attacks	from	my	clones	will	have	to	be	a	last-resort
method	if	nothing	else	works.
For	now,	I’m	rejecting	the	kamikaze	clone	strategy.
So,	as	far	as	conjuring	is	concerned,	we’ve	just	ruled	out	my	best	kind.
How	about	my	second-best	specialty,	dark	magic?
I	 aim	 a	 random	 clone	 at	 a	 mega-robot	 and	 have	 it	 use	 a	 Black	 Spear-style
conjuring.
The	spear	hits	the	mega-robot’s	armor.
Some	 kind	 of	 reaction	 between	 the	 anti-technique	 barrier	 and	 the	 energy	 in
the	dark	spear	causes	the	mega-robot	to	stumble	back	a	few	steps.
Like	 the	 Dragon	 Barrier	 skill,	 the	 anti-technique	 barrier	 inhibits	 the	 use	 of
conjurings,	 but	 there	 is	 a	 limit.	 If	 you	 overwhelm	 the	 barrier	 with	 more	 power
than	it	can	handle,	you	can	deal	damage	accordingly,	at	least	in	theory…
But	 the	 mega-robot	 that	 took	 a	 direct	 hit	 with	 the	 Black	 Spear	 only	 has	 a
slight	dent	in	its	armor.
…Well,	that	ain’t	gonna	work.
That	attack	should’ve	done	waaay	more	damage…
I	mean,	at	least	it	did	 something,	but	how	many	damn	spears	would	it	take	to
actually	bring	the	thing	down	like	that?
The	sun	would	set	by	the	time	we	were	done.
No,	even	before	that,	I	would	lose	too	many	battle	clones.
Then	it’ll	just	turn	into	a	mudslinging	contest.
Hrmm.	 Looks	 like	 shooting	 them	 with	 conjurings	 won’t	 be	 very	 effective,
either…
So,	that	leaves	thread	and	poison?
Poison…poison	on	a	machine…
Yeah,	I	can’t	see	that	working	very	well.
And	thread	isn’t	really	a	main	method	of	attack	in	the	first	place…
It’s	more	like	a	trap	for	stopping	the	enemy	from	moving,	a	strategy	that	only
really	shines	when	you	have	other	attack	methods.
But	none	of	those	other	attack	methods	are	really	gonna	work	here…
Page 104
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 111 (PDF index) ---
Wait,	what?
Am	I	screwed?
…No,	no,	no!
Not	yet!
I’m	not	giving	up	yet!
Okay,	all	jokes	aside,	I	do	still	have	a	way	to	beat	the	mega-robots.
And	I	can	guarantee	that	it	will	work,	too.
Otherwise,	 I	 wouldn’t	 go	 around	 bragging	 that	 I’m	 “never	 gonna	 lose	 to
Potimas”	with	a	big	smirk	on	my	face.
Still,	I’d	rather	save	that	method	for	later	if	I	can	help	it.
I	don’t	really	wanna	unveil	it	yet.
So	how	can	I	defeat	the	mega-robots	without	using	that…?
Hrmm.	It	feels	like	a	bit	of	a	waste,	but	I	guess	this	is	my	best	bet:	the	special
bullets	I	prepared	to	use	against	Potimas.
Let’s	go	with	these.
I	 knew	 Potimas	 was	 going	 to	 use	 this	 anti-technique	 barrier	 again,	 so	 of
course	I	had	some	countermeasures	up	my	sleeve,	too.
I	wanted	to	save	this	to	use	against	Potimas	himself,	but	that	doesn’t	matter
now.
If	I	don’t	take	down	these	mega-robots	fast,	Vampy	and	the	others	might	get
hurt.
So	it’s	now	or	never,	right?
So	without	any	further	ado:	CONNECT!
I	open	up	a	path	connecting	me	to	the	space-specialist	clones.
As	the	name	implies,	these	clones	are	designed	for	spatial	conjuring.
Usually,	I	keep	them	in	separate	dimensions	I’ve	made.
And	 now,	 I	 have	 business	 with	 one	 of	 those	 separate	 dimensions,	 this	 one
made	and	managed	by	the	space-specialist	clones.
I	use	my	main	body	to	take	out	something	inside.
I’ve	got	to	take	careful	aim	so	I	don’t	miss.
These	bullets	are	precious,	after	all!
It’s	such	a	pain	in	the	ass	to	make	them	that	I	almost	understand	why	Potimas
is	so	reluctant	to	waste	his,	dammit!
Although	these	bullets	aren’t	the	same	as	the	ones	Potimas	uses,	so	I’m	not
entirely	sure	which	ones	are	more	valuable.
Anyway,	let’s	use	one	of	these	special	bullets	to	destroy	a	mega-robot.
Ready,	aiiiiim……fire!
Page 105
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 112 (PDF index) ---
My	bullet	hits	the	mega-robot	in	front	of	me	and	pierces	through	the	armor—
smashes	it,	in	fact.
Not	only	that,	but	the	bullet	goes	right	through	the	mega-robot	and	into	the
weaker	robots	marching	directly	behind	it,	one	after	another.
It	 also	 goes	 on	 to	 hit	 a	 second	 mega-robot	 that	 I	 wasn’t	 even	 aiming	 at,
pulverizes	that	one	too,	and	finally	flies	off	in	the	direction	of	next	week.
…Um,	yikes?!
I’m	gonna	have	to	be	real	careful	about	where	I	aim	these	things!
If	any	allies	happened	to	be	in	the	way,	they	could	get	seriously	injured!
I	 mean,	 I	 already	 knew	 these	 things	 were	 pretty	 powerful,	 but	 isn’t	 this	 an
excess	of	firepower,	to	say	the	least?
Honestly,	it	might	be	straight-up	overkill…
See,	 the	 truth	 is	 that	 these	 excessively	 powerful	 bullets	 are	 what	 you	 might
call	meteors.
Yep.	Meteors.
Giant	 chunks	 that	 I	 dropped	 toward	 the	 surface	 of	 the	 planet	 from	 outer
space.
Physically	speaking,	I	made	them	out	of	legendary-class	monsters.
You	know,	the	ones	I	had	Vampy	and	Mr.	Oni	and	friends	hunting	to	recover
energy	and	level	themselves	up.
I	picked	some	that	seemed	particularly	durable	and	made	them	into	bullets.
Frankly,	I	didn’t	even	worry	about	how	they	looked,	since	it	doesn’t	matter
anyway.	As	long	as	they’re	sturdy,	anything	goes.
They	also	have	to	be	able	to	withstand	the	overheating	that	occurs	when	they
reenter	the	atmosphere,	though.	That	ruined	a	couple	contenders.
So,	I	take	the	bullets	that	meet	those	requirements,	teleport	them	into	space,
and	let	them	drop	onto	the	planet.
As	long	as	they’re	not	so	far	out	that	they	get	caught	in	orbit,	they’ll	fall	of
their	own	accord	once	they’re	teleported.
The	problem	is	how	to	catch	the	bullets	once	they’ve	fallen.
Otherwise,	they’ll	just	crash	right	into	the	ground.
So	how	do	I	catch	them	exactly?	Well,	I	beat	them	to	the	spot	where	they’re
going	to	fall,	and	drop	them	into	a	separate	dimension	right	before	they	land.
Specifically,	an	empty	vacuum	dimension	that	just	goes	in	a	straight	line	and
loops	around	in	a	circle.
When	I	pop	a	meteor	bullet	into	the	loop	dimension,	it	retains	the	speed	it	had
when	it	went	in,	and	just	keeps	zipping	around	indefinitely,	since	there’s	no	air
Page 106
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 113 (PDF index) ---
resistance	in	a	vacuum.
And	since	it	retains	the	same	speed,	that	means	it’ll	have	the	same	destructive
impact	that	it	was	going	to	crash	into	the	planet	with.
So	when	I	take	it	back	out	of	that	dimension,	it	becomes	a	meteor	attack	that
I	can	aim	wherever	I	want.
One	time,	I	hit	Potimas	with	a	giant	rock	that	I	dropped	out	of	the	sky.
But	 that	 didn’t	 seem	 like	 quite	 enough	 impact,	 so	 I	 decided	 on	 a	 literal
meteor	instead.
There’s	a	major	delay	if	it’s	falling	from	the	sky,	though,	and	at	that	distance
you	have	to	do	some	serious	calculations	or	you’ll	miss	the	mark.
And	if	the	target	moves	from	that	spot	before	the	thing	hits,	you	can	forget
about	the	whole	thing.
Especially	since	the	delay	gives	’em	time	to	run	away.
So,	 I	 came	 up	 with	 a	 solution	 to	 all	 those	 problems	 by	 way	 of	 popping	 the
falling	meteors	into	an	alternate	dimension	for	later.
Which	was	a	great	idea,	if	I	do	say	so	myself,	except	for	the	fact	that	it	was
pretty	hard	to	pull	off	in	practice.
Like	I	said,	catching	a	fallen	meteor	isn’t	the	easiest	task.
Think	about	it	this	way:	It’s	hard	enough	to	run	after	and	catch	a	ball	that’s
been	hit	by	a	pro	baseball	player,	right?
With	meteors,	you	still	have	to	get	to	the	landing	spot	before	they	do,	plus	if
you	 don’t	 catch	 ’em,	 the	 whole	 area	 gets	 smashed	 up.	 It	 takes	 a	 lot	 of	 guts,	 is
what	I’m	saying.
And	I	had	to	do	it	a	bunch	of	times	to	save	up	more	shots…
Although	the	hard	work	definitely	pays	off	in	the	form	of	ridiculous	power.
You	can	roughly	calculate	its	force	with	the	mgh	formula,	in	fact.
m	is	mass.
g	is	acceleration	due	to	gravity.
h	is	height.
If	 you	 multiply	 all	 those	 numbers	 together,	 you	 get	 the	 amount	 of	 potential
energy	contained	in	the	object	being	pulled	down	by	gravity.
This	is	high	school	physics	stuff,	y’know.
If	you	haven’t	memorized	it	all	yet,	now’s	your	chance.
That	 being	 said,	 m	 probably	 gets	 reduced	 while	 it’s	 burning	 up	 in	 the
atmosphere,	g	must	be	different	since	this	planet	isn’t	Earth	and	is	presumably	a
different	 size,	 and	 h	 won’t	 be	 much	 help	 either	 since	 it	 started	 out	 in	 space
beyond	the	range	of	gravity.
Page 107
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 114 (PDF index) ---
In	other	words,	I	can’t	actually	give	you	an	exact	number!
So	what	was	even	the	point,	you	ask?
…C’mon,	I’m	allowed	to	show	off	like	a	smarty-pants	once	in	a	while.
Huh?	Don’t	try	to	show	off	with	high	school	physics	fundamentals?
Well,	that’s	not	my	fault!
My	memories	only	go	up	to	high	school!
Obviously	that	means	my	knowledge	only	goes	up	to	what	I	learned	in	high
school,	so	I	just	have	to	get	by	with	that	if	I	want	to	show	off	my	smarts	at	all,
duh!
Sure,	 maybe	 it’s	 better	 if	 I	 don’t	 try	 to	 act	 like	 a	 smarty-pants	 in	 the	 first
place	if	that’s	the	best	I’ve	got,	but	it’s	human	nature	to	want	to	look	cool	from
time	to	time.
What,	now	you’re	saying	I’m	not	even	human?
…Yeah,	well.	Touché.
Okay,	I	think	that’s	a	wrap	on	this	“arguing	with	no	one”	bit.
Back	to	the	meteor	bullets	I	made	to	use	on	Potimas.
They’re	ridiculously	strong,	all	right.
In	 fact,	 they’re	 so	 strong	 they’re	 almost	 a	 little	too	 dangerous,	 but	 they	 can
clearly	destroy	a	mega-robot	without	a	hitch.
I	mean,	yeah.
It’s	just	raw	physical	power,	nothing	the	anti-conjuring	barrier	can	prevent.
Armor’s	not	enough	to	stand	up	to	that	kind	of	impact,	either.
Even	I’ll	admit	that	it	might	be	overkill,	but	hey,	better	safe	than	sorry.
I’ve	 been	 cranking	 out	 these	 meteor	 bullets	 as	 a	 pure	 physical	 attack	 to
counteract	 Potimas’s	 anti-technique	 barrier,	 saving	 them	 up	 whenever	 I	 got	 a
chance.
In	total,	I	think	I	have	about	ten	thousand.
I	 know	 I	 looked	 at	 the	 number	 of	 mega-robots	 and	 accused	 Potimas	 of
wanting	to	destroy	the	world	or	whatever,	but	I’m	pretty	sure	I	could	do	just	that
if	I	unleashed	the	rain	of	meteors	I’ve	got	stashed	up…
Not	that	I’m	going	to,	obviously.
At	any	rate,	I’m	gonna	have	to	use	about	a	thousand	of	them	now,	so	I	guess
I	won’t	be	able	to	destroy	the	world	anymore	anyway!
Alrighty,	let’s	clean	up	the	rest	of	these	mega-robots,	then!
Oh,	and	be	careful	about	aim,	obviously!
I	 have	 to	 make	 sure	 I	 don’t	 kill	 one	 of	 my	 allies	 with	 a	 stray	 bullet	 or
anything	awful	like	that.
Page 108
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 115 (PDF index) ---
It	was	hella	careless	of	me	to	fire	one	off	without	even	thinking	about	it.
I’m	lucky	there	happened	to	be	a	second	mega-robot	in	its	path	and	not	any
of	my	allies.
But	hey,	now	I	know	that	I	can	kill	at	least	two	mega-robots	with	one	bullet	if
I	aim	just	right.
So	I’ll	just	have	to	take	aim	and	take	’em	out!
I	only	have	so	many	bullets,	after	all.	Gotta	save	as	many	as	I	can,	if	I	can
help	it.
So,	I	start	calculating	paths	that	will	hit	at	least	two	mega-robots	and	avoid
any	allies	getting	caught	in	the	crossfire.
It’s	a	piece	of	cake	if	I	use	Panoptic	Vision	to	get	a	panoramic	view.
Once	I	line	up	a	few	good	shots,	I	immediately	transport	some	battle	clones
into	position	and	fire	off	the	meteor	bullets.
Several	loud	BOOMS	echo	around	the	area.
Woo-hoooo!
Dude!	Did	you	see	that?!
I	took	out	five	mega-robots	with	one	shot!
Damn,	that	feels	gooooood!
I	could	get	hooked	on	a	rush	like	this!
That	one	volley	reduced	the	number	of	mega-robots	quite	a	bit.
Pretty	good	start,	considering	I	was	able	to	take	out	up	to	five	mega-robots	at
once.
Every	single	shot	blasted	at	least	two	mega-robots,	minimum.
The	mega-robots	are	on	the	move,	of	course,	but	they’re	generally	marching
in	the	same	direction.
Most	 of	 them	 are	 either	 headed	 toward	 the	 imperial	 and	 demon	 armies,	 or
toward	the	queen’s	taratect	troop.
Since	I	know	what	direction	they’re	heading	in,	it’s	easy	to	target	several	at
once.
On	top	of	the	meteor	bullets	being	super	destructive,	they	also	move	absurdly
fast	when	fired,	way	too	fast	for	even	the	mega-robots	to	dodge	very	well.
I	mean,	how’s	anyone	supposed	to	react	in	time	to	an	incredibly	high-speed
projectile	suddenly	flying	at	them	from	far	away	in	an	unexpected	direction?
I	guess	that	was	a	bit	overboard,	though.
Since	 I	 wiped	 out	 the	 group	 of	 mega-robots	 that	 were	 about	 to	 reach	 the
empire	army	or	whomever,	the	rest	of	them	all	turn	around	at	once,	starting	to	be
more	wary	of	their	surroundings.
Page 109
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 116 (PDF index) ---
Naturally,	they	set	their	sights	on	the	battle	clones	instead.
Page 110
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 117 (PDF index) ---
Page 111
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 118 (PDF index) ---
I	pulled	off	that	round	of	surprise	attacks	by	teleporting	the	battle	clones	next
to	the	mega-robots	right	before	shooting,	but	now	that	they’re	on	their	guard…
No,	wait,	it’s	still	gonna	be	easy.
I	can	just	teleport	them	again	and	shoot	from	a	new	direction.
I	know,	it’s	not	very	fair	that	I	get	to	take	the	first	move	every	single	time.
Cheap	 moves	 like	 this	 are	 probably	 why	 the	 Spatial	 Magic	 skill	 had	 limits
like	canceling	any	other	spell	you	were	preparing	the	moment	you	teleported.
How	many	times	did	I	think	to	myself,	If	only	I	could	do	both!
But	look	at	me	now!
Since	I’ve	become	a	god,	I	have	no	such	limitations!
Direct	 attacks	 with	 spatial	 conjurings	 don’t	 work	 on	 the	 mega-robots’	 anti-
technique	barriers.
But	there	are	no	limits	on	how	I	can	use	spatial	conjurings	otherwise.
When	 it	 comes	 to	 teleporting	 my	 own	 battle	 clones	 or	 producing	 meteor
bullets	from	there,	I	get	to	do	whatever	I	want.
The	only	way	to	stop	me	would	be	to	produce	an	anti-technique	barrier	in	a
wide	 radius,	 like	 Potimas’s	 robot	 bodies,	 but	 it	 doesn’t	 seem	 like	 these	 mega-
robots	can	do	that.
Even	 if	 they	 could,	 all	 I	 would	 have	 to	 do	 is	 shoot	 the	 meteor	 bullets	 from
outside	that	range.
It	takes	spatial	conjuring	to	shoot	meteor	bullets	by	taking	them	out	of	their
separate	 dimension,	 but	 once	 that’s	 done,	 they’re	 really	 just	 pure	 physical
attacks.
Even	putting	up	an	anti-technique	barrier	over	a	large	radius	wouldn’t	make	a
difference.
I	did	develop	these	to	deal	with	Potimas	personally,	after	all.
While	we’re	at	it,	let’s	launch	the	second	volley,	or	I	guess	the	third	if	you
count	that	first	solo	shot!	Wooo!
Battle	clones,	teleport!	And	then,	wait	for	iiit…meteor	bullets,	fiiiire!
And	 just	 like	 that,	 these	 super-powered	 mega-robots	 who	 are	 stronger	 than
greater	dragons	get	blown	to	bits	by	a	single	shot.
Awwww	yeeeeahhh!
Nothing	like	taking	some	unbelievably	strong	opponents	and	reducing	them
to	scrap	metal	with	an	even	more	ridiculous	technique!
Feels!	Good!	Man!
The	mega-robots	are	strong,	no	doubt	about	it.
After	all,	the	puppet	spiders,	who	are	in	the	“crazy	strong”	category	by	this
Page 112
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 119 (PDF index) ---
world’s	standards,	couldn’t	put	a	scratch	on	them.
Even	I	would	have	a	tough	time	fighting	them	head-to-head.
Judging	by	their	strength,	I	can	only	guess	how	much	time	and	effort	Potimas
must	have	put	into	making	these	mega-robots.
And	I’m	turning	that	effort	into	dust	in	a	matter	of	seconds!
Mmm,	that’s	the	good	stuff.
Just	 picturing	 Potimas’s	 sour	 expression	 about	 it	 could	 keep	 me	 going	 for
days.
If	all	it	takes	to	get	that	level	of	satisfaction	is	trashing	a	liiittle	bit	of	forest	in
the	process,	it’s	well	worth	the	price	of	admission.
…Yeah,	I	know.
If	 I	 keep	 throwing	 around	 literal	 meteors,	 it’s	 definitely	 gonna	 mess	 up	 a
good	amount	of	this	forest…
I’m	 shooting	 them	 sideways	 so	 they	 don’t	 crash	 into	 the	 ground,	 which
means	they’re	not	destroying	the	terrain	too	much,	but	there	are	obvious	lines	of
destruction	wherever	the	meteor	bullets	have	passed	through.
Environmental	destruction.	That’s	no	good.
Listen,	though!	It’s	basically	a	force	majeure!
A	necessary	sacrifice,	or	whatever	you	wanna	call	it!
Well,	 a	 big	 battle	 with	 a	 single	 top-tier	 dragon	 or	 equivalent	 monster	 can
wreck	an	entire	region,	and	we’ve	got	a	thousand	robots	who	are	even	stronger
than	that	here.	What	did	you	expect…?
Why,	 I	 wouldn’t	 be	 surprised	 if	 the	 elf	 forest	 is	 completely	 razed	 to	 the
ground	by	the	time	this	battle’s	over.
Sounds	rich	coming	from	the	person	who’s	doing	an	excellent	job	of	razing	it
to	the	ground,	I	know.
Especially	since	I’m	spraying	around	even	more	meteor	bullets	and	clearing
more	land	even	as	we	speak!
At	 this	 point,	 I	 can’t	 believe	 I	 ever	 thought	 I	 would	 have	 to	 sacrifice	 a
considerable	amount	of	battle	clones	to	beat	the	mega-robots.
The	 teleport/meteor	 bullet	 combo	 is	 bringing	 them	 down	 so	 quickly	 it’s
downright	laughable.
The	number	of	mega-robots	keeps	going	down.
It’s	getting	harder	to	take	out	several	targets	with	a	single	shot	at	this	point,
but	I	can	definitely	destroy	at	least	one	per	bullet.
Yep,	I’d	say	things	are	going	swimmingly!
At	this	rate,	I’ll	wipe	out	every	last	mega-robot	before	you	can	say…	Huh?
Page 113
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 120 (PDF index) ---
Looks	like	there	have	been	other	developments	while	I’ve	been	busy	busting
robots.
Vampy	and	Mr.	Oni.
They’re	facing	off	against	Yamada	and	friends.
And,	hello?
Why	does	it	look	like	Yamada	is	writhing	in	pain?
Vampy!
What	did	you	do	now?!
Page 114
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com