--- PAGE 121 (PDF index) ---
“Thanks	sooo	much	for	your	support,	everyone!”
A	familiar	voice	came	from	the	television.
The	male	idol	on	the	screen	was	one	of	the	chimeras	from	this	orphanage.
He	happened	to	have	a	normal	human	appearance.
No,	not	entirely	normal,	I	suppose—he	was	incredibly	good-looking.
So	he	used	those	looks	as	an	asset	to	get	into	the	entertainment	industry.
Here	in	the	orphanage,	a	girl	scowled	at	the	boy	on	the	screen.
They	had	a	bitter	breakup	when	he	left	to	become	an	idol.
He	 insisted	 he	 wanted	 to	 get	 into	 entertainment,	 and	 she	 accused	 him	 of
abandoning	the	orphanage.
Unlike	him,	this	girl’s	appearance	was	far	from	human.
The	dragon	genes	she’d	been	made	with	were	particularly	strong,	to	the	point
where	she	essentially	looked	like	a	humanoid	dragon.
That	appearance	made	it	virtually	impossible	for	her	to	join	human	society;
the	orphanage	was	the	only	place	she	belonged.
I	think	that’s	why	she	had	a	hard	time	accepting	any	of	our	brethren	who	left
the	orphanage.
At	the	time,	more	and	more	of	the	other	kids	were	leaving	the	orphanage,	not
just	the	boy	who	went	into	the	entertainment	industry.
Although	 aside	 from	 him,	 the	 others	 tended	 to	 come	 back	 frequently,	 so	 it
was	more	like	they	were	spending	nights	away	from	home.
By	this	time,	we	were	old	enough	to	do	such	things.
Unfortunately,	I	had	stopped	growing	several	years	ago,	and	looked	younger
than	my	actual	age.	My	body	just	couldn’t	get	enough	nutrition	to	grow.
It	 made	 little	 difference	 to	 me	 anyway,	 since	 I	 couldn’t	 be	 out	 of	 my
wheelchair	for	long.
Maybe	 I	 was	 a	 little	 jealous	 of	 the	 others	 who	 could	 grow	 normally,	 but	 I
would	never	admit	it.
Page 115
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 122 (PDF index) ---
Everyone	else	looked	their	age,	and	since	some	of	them	looked	human	or	at
least	very	close	to	it,	they	started	setting	out	into	the	world	more	proactively.
There	were	even	a	handful	of	kids	who	were	visibly	inhuman	at	a	glance,	like
those	two	rowdy	boys,	but	still	decided	to	go	out	into	the	world—not	many,	but
there	were	a	few.
The	 one	 thing	 they	 all	 had	 in	 common	 was	 that	 they	 felt	 they	 couldn’t	 just
keep	depending	on	the	orphanage	forever.
They	 started	 striking	 out	 on	 their	 own,	 trying	 to	 become	 more	 independent,
little	by	little.
The	 ones	 who	 stayed	 in	 the	 orphanage	 were	 kids	 with	 nowhere	 else	 to	 go,
like	me.
I	 returned	 my	 gaze	 from	 the	 television	 back	 to	 the	 object	 in	 my	 hands:	 a
handkerchief	I	was	embroidering.
It	 was	 a	 hobby	 I	 picked	 up	 when	 looking	 for	 something	 I	 could	 do	 even
though	I	couldn’t	go	outside.
I	suppose	it	was	one	of	the	only	things	I	could	do.
But	 by	 doing	 embroidery,	 and	 occasionally	 other	 crafts	 like	 crocheting
stuffed	animals,	I	was	able	to	sell	some	of	my	creations	and	earn	a	little	money
—only	a	very	small	amount,	though.
While	 everyone	 else	 was	 trying	 to	 stand	 on	 their	 own,	 I	 felt	 lonely,	 as	 if	 I
were	being	left	behind.
“I’m	home.”
Just	then,	a	young	man	wearing	an	eye	mask	returned	to	the	orphanage.
“Welcome	back.”
“Welcome.”
“Thanks.	Ah,	he’s	on	TV,	huh?”
He	 must	 have	 heard	 the	 voice	 from	 the	 television	 and	 recognized	 the	 boy
who’d	become	an	idol.
“Guess	he’s	working	hard.”
“Who	knows?	I	heard	he	might	be	sleeping	his	way	to	the	top.”
There	were	rumors	that	some	entertainers,	mostly	female	but	some	male,	sold
their	bodies	to	get	jobs,	or	so	I	was	told.
It	 was	 an	 urban	 legend	 of	 sorts,	 however;	 I	 have	 no	 idea	 if	 that	 actually
occurred.
“Nah,	I’m	sure	he’s	got	better	judgment	than	that.”
“Doubt	it.”
“****,	that’s	too	far.”
Page 116
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 123 (PDF index) ---
“You’re	defending	him,	Ariel?”
“Sure.	****	is	doing	this	for	our	sake,	too.”
The	idol	boy	donated	the	majority	of	his	earnings	to	this	orphanage	in	order
to	support	kids	like	me	who	couldn’t	leave.
Specifically,	 I	 think	 he	 was	 doing	 it	 for	 the	 girl	 who	 was	 now	 complaining
about	him.
As	far	as	I	could	tell,	the	two	of	them	were	mutually	in	love.
“…Well,	I	never	asked	for	that.”
“…I	really	think	you	should	try	to	talk	things	over	with	him.”
These	 two	 seemed	 to	 be	 growing	 further	 apart	 because	 they	 didn’t	 fully
understand	each	other,	which	was	why	I	gave	that	advice.
But	she	stubbornly	refused	to	make	the	first	move.
“Maybe	if	he	contacts	me	first.	I	mean,	he	hardly	ever	comes	back	to	visit.”
…In	the	end,	they	were	never	able	to	make	amends.
I	was	embroidering	alone	in	silence.
This	one	was	meant	to	be	given	as	a	gift,	not	sold.
“I’m	home.”
“Welcome	back.”
The	boy	in	the	eye	mask	came	back,	just	like	before.
As	it	happened,	the	embroidery	I	was	working	on	was	a	handkerchief	for	that
boy.
He	 was	 blind,	 so	 he	 wouldn’t	 be	 able	 to	 tell	 what	 the	 picture	 was	 from
ordinary	embroidery.
Thus,	I	was	embroidering	this	one	with	extra	bumps,	trying	to	make	it	uneven
enough	that	he	would	be	able	to	identify	the	image	by	touch.
In	this	case,	I	was	embroidering	a	flower.
And	it	wasn’t	just	him:	I	was	making	handkerchiefs	for	all	the	kids	from	the
orphanage.
I	 hadn’t	 given	 away	 any	 yet;	 I	 planned	 to	 give	 them	 out	 to	 everyone	 all	 at
once	when	they	were	all	completed.
But	I	wanted	them	to	have	proof	that	I	existed.
As	a	memento	to	remember	me	by.
My	health	wasn’t	getting	any	better,	not	by	a	long	shot.
When	I	was	first	taken	in	by	the	orphanage,	it	improved	very	slightly	because
of	the	better	living	conditions.
But	ever	since	then,	it	had	remained	the	same.
Page 117
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 124 (PDF index) ---
No	matter	how	hard	I	tried,	the	distance	I	could	walk	without	my	wheelchair
never	grew.
If	anything,	as	time	passed,	it	only	got	shorter.
I	was	sure	I	didn’t	have	much	longer	to	live.
I	could	just	feel	it.
So	I	wanted	to	leave	everyone	with	a	physical	object,	so	they	wouldn’t	forget
me.
“…Think	you’ll	finish?”
“Uh-huh.	I	should	manage	to	be	done	in	time.”
I	 hadn’t	 told	 anyone	 that	 I	 was	 going	 to	 give	 the	 handkerchiefs	 I	 was
embroidering	to	everyone	as	gifts.
But	the	boy	with	the	eye	mask	was	something	of	a	leader	in	the	orphanage,
and	even	though	he	couldn’t	see,	he	kept	close	watch	over	all	of	us.
Because	of	that,	I	think	he	had	figured	out	more	or	less	what	I	was	trying	to
do.
My	health	was	stable	at	the	time,	but	if	I	caught	a	cold	during	the	changing	of
the	seasons	or	something	like	that,	there	was	no	telling	what	might	happen.
For	all	I	knew,	I	could	drop	dead	at	any	moment.
So	 I	 wanted	 to	 finish	 the	 presents	 as	 soon	 as	 I	 could,	 and	 give	 them	 out	 to
everyone.
But	I	didn’t	want	to	give	them	something	shoddy	because	I	was	rushing	too
much,	either.
I	made	each	one	with	care,	thinking	of	the	recipient	as	I	worked.
I	wanted	my	feelings	to	sink	into	every	stitch.
As	 everyone	 started	 to	 become	 independent,	 I	 felt	 like	 I	 was	 being	 left
behind.
But	 I	 was	 sure	 that	 in	 the	 end,	 I	 would	 be	 the	 one	 to	 leave	 them	 behind
instead.
I	did	manage	to	finish	those	handkerchiefs	and	give	them	to	everyone.
But	ultimately,	I	was	still	the	one	who	got	left	behind.
“Is	Sariel	here?”
That	day,	Gülie	came	to	the	orphanage.
He	visited	from	time	to	time.
From	my	point	of	view,	around	the	time	when	the	orphanage	first	opened,	I
don’t	believe	he	was	particularly	conscious	of	Lady	Sariel.
Page 118
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 125 (PDF index) ---
But	the	more	they	saw	of	each	other,	the	more	interested	he	became.
That’s	how	it	looked	to	me,	anyway.
There	wasn’t	any	sudden,	dramatic	development	or	anything.
But	 if	 you	 build	 up	 enough	 ordinary,	 casual	 exchanges,	 eventually	 that	 can
develop	into	love.
I	lived	in	a	very	small,	sheltered	world,	myself,	but	I	still	felt	impressed	that
love	could	work	in	such	a	way.
“Lady	Sariel	is	out	right	now.”
“…I	see.”
Looking	 obviously	 disappointed,	 Gülie	 handed	 me	 the	 gift	 of	 confections
he’d	brought.
As	usual,	it	was	a	variety	of	soft	gelatin	desserts,	perhaps	out	of	consideration
for	my	diet.
If	only	he	could	have	been	as	considerate	toward	Lady	Sariel,	but	alas,	this
man	always	managed	to	fumble	where	it	mattered	most	and	ended	up	failing	in
his	efforts	to	impress	her.
“…If	you	want	to	see	her	so	badly,	you	should	really	show	how	happy	you
are	when	you	do	get	to	meet.”
“…It	is	not	like	that.”
In	 spite	 of	 his	 claims,	 everyone	 at	 the	 orphanage	 knew	 how	 Gülie	 felt	 by
now.
“You’ll	 never	 get	 through	 to	 Lady	 Sariel	 with	 that	 attitude.	 She’s	 tragically
dense	enough	about	this	kind	of	thing	as	it	is.”
“…I	told	you,	it	is	not	like	that.”
I	shook	my	head	and	heaved	a	dramatic	sigh.
“Hrm?	Embroidery,	eh?”
“Uh-huh.”
Gülie	appeared	to	be	trying	to	change	the	subject,	and	landed	on	the	project
in	my	hands.
“Should	I	make	one	for	you	too,	Gülie?”
I	made	the	suggestion	without	really	thinking.
Since	 I	 could	 never	 leave	 the	 orphanage,	 Gülie’s	 frequent	 visits	 made	 him
quite	possibly	my	closest	friend	from	the	outside	world.
So	I	thought	it	might	be	nice	to	leave	him	with	a	handkerchief,	too.
“You	ought	to	make	one	for	Sariel	before	you	bother	making	one	for	me.”
“Of	course.	I	already	have.”
Lady	Sariel’s	handkerchief	was	the	very	first	one	I	made.
Page 119
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 126 (PDF index) ---
“Well,	then,	if	you	feel	so	inclined	at	some	point,	I	would	appreciate	it.”
Gülie	smiled	softly	and	patted	my	head.
“But	do	not	push	yourself,	all	right?”
“…You	should	really	show	that	kindness	toward	Lady	Sariel.”
“…I	keep	telling	you,	it	is	nothing	like	that.”
“Hello,	I	have	returned.”
Just	then,	Lady	Sariel	happened	to	come	in.
“S-Sariel?!”
“Yes.	Gülie.	Welcome.”
“D-Did	you	hear	our	conversation	just	now?”
“No.	I	do	not	eavesdrop	on	other	people’s	conversations.”
“I-I	see.”
Gülie	was	very	clearly	relieved.
But	 knowing	 Lady	 Sariel,	 even	 if	 she	 had	 overheard,	 she	 wouldn’t	 have
figured	out	Gülie’s	feelings	anyway…
“So,	what	business	brings	you	here,	Gülie?”
“Nothing.	Just	ensuring	that	everyone	is	in	good	health.”
Gülie	glanced	in	my	direction	as	he	spoke.
Why	would	he	try	to	steer	the	subject	toward	me?
Now	Lady	Sariel	was	going	to	assume	that	he	came	to	check	up	on	me.
He	should	have	just	admitted	that	he	came	to	see	her…
It	was	incredibly	frustrating	watching	Gülie	bumble	around	like	this.
But	 since	 Gülie	 and	 Lady	 Sariel	 were	 a	 dragon	 and	 an	 angel	 respectively,
beings	with	all	the	time	in	the	world,	perhaps	there	was	no	need	to	rush.
Since	 I	 later	 became	 a	 similar	 being	 myself,	 I	 suppose	 I	 understand	 that
feeling	a	little.
Still,	there	are	times	when	you	should	really	act	while	you	have	the	chance,
or	you	might	come	to	regret	it	later.
Even	now,	I	think	Gülie	should	have	tried	to	woo	Lady	Sariel	more	directly.
I	have	no	way	of	knowing	if	she	would	have	reciprocated,	but	either	way,	I
am	sure	Gülie	wouldn’t	regret	things	as	much	as	he	does	now.
Because	he’ll	never	have	another	chance	to	woo	Lady	Sariel	now.
…That	reminds	me,	I	never	ended	up	making	Gülie	a	handkerchief.
I	 wanted	 to	 finish	 them	 for	 everyone	 in	 the	 orphanage	 first,	 leaving	 his	 for
later.
And	in	the	end,	I	just	barely	managed	to	complete	the	gifts	for	them	just	in
time.
Page 120
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 127 (PDF index) ---
…Right	 before	 the	 day	 when	 we	 would	 have	 to	 be	 separated	 from	 Lady
Sariel.
After	that,	the	system	was	created,	and	the	world	plunged	into	chaos.
With	so	much	going	on,	I	forgot	all	about	making	a	handkerchief	for	Gülie.
…I	know.
Once	this	is	all	over,	when	I	have	time,	I’ll	make	Gülie’s	handkerchief.
Yes,	this	time	for	sure…
Page 121
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com