--- PAGE 128 (PDF index) ---
The	same	vampire	incident	that	affected	Foduey	also	landed	Potimas’s	name	at
the	top	of	wanted	lists	all	over	the	world.
Cautious	though	he	was,	his	actions	were	on	far	too	large	a	scale.
In	the	end,	even	he	couldn’t	hide	all	of	his	many	activities.
But	of	course,	he	was	never	the	sort	of	person	to	simply	go	on	the	run.
What	an	obstinate	man.
Around	 the	 time	 Potimas	 became	 a	 wanted	 criminal,	 he	 unveiled	 a	 certain
research	breakthrough.
Namely:	the	theory	of	MA	energy.
If	one’s	Taboo	skill	reaches	level	10,	details	revolving	around	the	term	 MA
energy	become	clear.
Even	without	that,	it	is	likely	that	some	have	heard	the	phrase	before.
After	all,	it	is	the	gravest	sin	the	people	of	this	world	ever	committed.
Much	time	has	passed	since	then,	and	most	have	forgotten	what	occurred	in
those	days,	but	I	suspect	there	are	still	some	who	continue	to	speak	of	it.
Dustin,	the	very	pontiff	of	the	Word	of	God	religion,	is	one	individual	who
knows	the	truth.
It	would	not	surprise	me	if	he	secretly	distributed	some	fragmentary	form	of
that	information	within	the	creed	of	his	church.
Hrmm?	That	phrasing	makes	it	sound	as	if	I	am	not	overly	familiar	with	the
creed	of	the	Word	of	God,	you	say?
Indeed,	I	am	not.
I	do	not	know	the	details	of	the	Word	of	God	religion.
Is	that	really	so	surprising?
To	be	perfectly	frank,	I	have	no	interest	in	such	a	thing.
…You	think	that	a	cruel	reason?
Perhaps	so.
But	give	it	some	thought.
Page 122
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 129 (PDF index) ---
Dustin	invented	the	Word	of	God	religion	in	order	to	save	humanity.
If	you	look	past	the	details	of	the	creed	on	the	surface,	its	true	nature	is	a	tool
of	human	supremacy.
It	seeks	to	save	humanity	no	matter	the	sacrifice,	be	it	demons	or	even	gods
such	as	myself.
That	is	all.
Why	 in	 the	 world	 would	 I	 have	 any	 interest	 in	 the	 very	 creed	 that	 chose	 to
save	humanity	by	sacrificing	Sariel?
I	understand	why	Dustin	chose	to	steer	things	in	that	direction.
It	is	essentially	a	reflection	of	his	personal	resolve.
So	I	do	not	blame	him.
But	I	am	free	to	have	my	own	personal	opinion	of	it,	am	I	not?
Perhaps	 it	 is	 petty	 of	 me,	 but	 I	 could	 never	 bring	 myself	 to	 compromise	 on
that	matter.
Although	I	like	to	think	I	have	remained	neutral	as	an	administrator.
In	fact,	as	far	as	their	opposition	to	Potimas	goes,	I	have	always	been	in	full
support	of	that.
But	speaking	of	Potimas,	let	us	return	to	the	matter	at	hand.
The	MA	energy	theory	he	developed	shook	the	entire	world.
Incidentally,	from	what	I	am	told,	the	methods	of	accumulating	energy	in	the
reincarnations’	world	were	largely	physical.
Instead	of	using	magic	or	conjurings,	they	used	natural	materials	such	as	oil
and	sunlight.
Our	 world	 was	 similar	 back	 then;	 the	 energy	 needed	 for	 everyday	 human
activities	was	acquired	through	physical	means.
Even	with	the	existence	of	beings	like	dragons	and	Sariel,	that	aspect	was	no
different	from	the	world	of	the	reincarnations.
But	MA	energy	changed	that	forever.
At	 this	 point,	 perhaps	 you	 have	 gathered	 some	 inkling	 of	 the	 nature	 of	 this
so-called	MA	energy.
Indeed,	MA	energy	is	a	form	of	energy	gathered	through	magical	means,	by
way	of	conjuring.
For	humans,	who	had	always	gotten	their	energy	from	physical	sources,	the
MA	energy	construction	theory	that	Potimas	developed	must	have	seemed	like	a
way	to	create	something	out	of	nothing.
Indeed,	 MA	 energy	 was	 described	 as	 such:	 a	 miraculous	 energy	 that	 comes
from	nothing.
Page 123
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 130 (PDF index) ---
Unlimited	energy	that	could	be	used	indefinitely,	without	causing	any	harm
to	the	environment.
…How	very	foolish.
As	if	such	a	thing	could	possibly	exist.
Every	resource	has	a	limit.
That	truth	applies	to	everything	physical,	magical,	and	otherwise.
But	humans	did	not	understand	that.
No,	that	is	not	entirely	true.	Some	of	them	did.
Dustin	was	one	such	person.
However,	the	majority	of	humans	will	only	believe	things	that	are	convenient
for	them.
All	the	more	so	when	they	are	desperate.
The	quickest	to	jump	to	MA	energy	were	the	most	desperate	of	humans…
…especially	the	humans—or	rather,	nations—who	were	most	impoverished.
The	wealth	disparity	between	the	human	nations	was	staggering.
The	poorest	of	them	saw	hope	in	the	form	of	MA	energy.
The	 MA	 energy	 theory	 Potimas	 made	 public	 only	 described	 the	 method	 of
acquiring	MA	energy.
Most	people	were	skeptical	when	it	was	first	announced,	but	the	nations	most
in	need	used	it	nonetheless.
I	believe	it	was	what	the	reincarnations	would	call	“grasping	at	straws”?
But	 indeed,	 these	 “straws”	 allowed	 those	 nations	 to	 successfully	 recover,	 at
least	at	first.
MA	 energy	 certainly	 is	 an	 effective	 energy	 source,	 at	 least	 by	 all
appearances.
The	 nations	 that	 used	 it	 to	 solve	 their	 energy	 crises	 quickly	 made
advancements.
There	 were	 objections	 from	 the	 nations	 that	 relied	 on	 exports	 of	 resources
like	oil,	but	I	shall	omit	such	details,	as	they	are	no	longer	relevant.
And	as	the	impoverished	nations	began	growing	rapidly	with	MA	energy,	the
more	developed	countries	began	to	use	it	as	well.
No	 doubt	 they	 were	 loath	 to	 be	 left	 behind	 by	 what	 they	 viewed	 as	 lesser
nations.
Thus,	slowly	but	surely,	more	nations	began	to	deal	in	MA	energy.
Not	all	of	them,	however.
There	 were	 some	 nations	 that	 refused	 to	 use	 MA	 energy.	 Their	 reasons
varied:	MA	energy	was	developed	by	a	wanted	criminal	like	Potimas,	the	nature
Page 124
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 131 (PDF index) ---
of	 MA	 energy	 was	 still	 unknown,	 oil-producing	 countries	 still	 objected	 to	 the
rise	of	MA	energy,	and	so	on.
The	place	where	Dustin	was	president	was	one	such	nation.
His	nation	was	large	and	influential.	If	they	took	a	strong	stance	against	MA
energy,	other	nations	were	bound	to	hesitate	as	well.
However,	it	is	a	difficult	thing	to	halt	the	flow	of	progress.
Before	 long,	 more	 and	 more	 humans	 began	 approving	 of	 the	 use	 of	 MA
energy,	seeing	that	it	had	the	visible	effect	of	solving	the	energy	crisis.
On	top	of	that,	there	was	another	breakthrough	theory	that	Potimas	released
along	with	the	MA	energy	theory.
Namely,	the	theory	of	evolution	by	way	of	MA	energy.
Essentially,	 it	 suggested	 that	 MA	 energy	 could	 be	 used	 to	 make	 humans
evolve.
It	was	like	a	progress	report	of	the	results	of	Potimas’s	research	on	evolutions
like	vampirism.
But	 even	 if	 it	 was	 incomplete	 by	 his	 standards,	 humanity	 could	 not	 ignore
those	results.
By	consuming	huge	amounts	of	MA	energy	for	a	surgical	treatment,	humans
could	advance	to	a	new	stage.
There	were	two	major	changes:
Improved	physical	capabilities	and	a	longer	lifespan.
The	latter	especially	attracted	attention.
Because	 the	 procedure	 required	 a	 massive	 amount	 of	 MA	 energy,	 it	 was
primarily	only	the	richest	humans	who	could	undergo	it.
Until	 then,	 a	 longer	 life	 was	 the	 one	 thing	 their	 money	 could	 not	 buy,	 no
matter	how	much	they	wanted	it.
It	unfortunately	did	not	grant	perpetual	youth	and	immortality,	but	it	was	still
an	exchange	of	money	for	more	time	to	live.
Small	wonder	that	humans	would	jump	at	the	chance.
Many	advanced	countries	lifted	their	ban	on	MA	energy	because	their	richest
citizens	demanded	it	for	this	procedure.
Compared	 to	 all	 of	 humanity,	 there	 were	 very	 few	 who	 actually	 got	 the
procedure.
Based	on	the	population	at	the	time,	at	least.
At	any	rate,	their	consumption	of	MA	energy	was	far	too	high.
The	 humans	 seemed	 to	 think	 that	 it	 was	 an	 endless	 source	 of	 energy,	 but	 it
could	not	be	collected	all	at	once.
Page 125
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 132 (PDF index) ---
Though	 most	 of	 the	 nations	 in	 the	 world	 were	 able	 to	 get	 enough	 of	 it	 to
completely	cover	their	operations.
But	the	amount	of	MA	energy	required	for	evolution	was	so	unthinkably	high
that	eventually	there	was	not	enough	to	go	around.
I	imagine	that	is	why	Dustin	loathed	those	who	underwent	the	procedure.
Though	they	were	human	themselves,	he	considers	them	separate	beings,	the
enemies	of	humankind.
Which	 is	 why	 he	 calls	 the	 descendants	 of	 those	 who	 chose	 to	 evolve
“demons.”
By	expending	huge	amounts	of	MA	energy	for	their	own	personal	gain,	they
ultimately	hastened	the	destruction	of	the	world.
They	were	once	the	wealthy,	privileged	class	of	humanity.
When	I	think	of	how	demonkind,	who	descended	from	them,	is	now	teetering
on	the	brink	of	extinction,	it	is	hard	to	describe	my	feelings.
I	suppose	that	was	their	punishment	in	a	way.
But	 putting	 aside	 the	 origin	 of	 demons,	 the	 use	 of	 MA	 energy	 that	 started
with	the	poorer	nations	eventually	spread	to	developing	and	advanced	nations	as
well.
There	were	few	nations	that	objected.
At	that	point,	it	may	have	only	been	Dustin.
But	 there	 were	 some	 who	 were	 not	 from	 these	 nations	 who	 continued	 to
object.
Namely,	we	dragons,	and	Sariel.
MA	energy	was	collected	by	way	of	magical	conjuring.
So	 those	 of	 us	 who	 were	 well	 versed	 in	 magic	 immediately	 recognized	 its
true	nature.
That	is	why	we	tried	to	warn	them.
“Do	not	use	MA	energy.”
I	 suppose	 the	 current	 state	 of	 this	 world	 proves	 whether	 they	 heeded	 those
warnings.
Indeed,	the	humans	refused	to	listen.
They	 were	 not	 sufficiently	 fearful	 of	 dragons,	 I	 believe,	 in	 spite	 of	 the	 fact
that	we	had	destroyed	a	whole	nation	of	theirs	overnight	in	the	past.
At	 that	 time,	 that	 particular	 nation	 somehow	 became	 possessed	 with	 the
insane	notion	to	drop	a	new	kind	of	bomb	on	the	home	of	dragons.
Of	course,	such	things	could	never	destroy	us.
But	we	still	wiped	out	that	nation	as	our	revenge.
Page 126
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 133 (PDF index) ---
Yet,	 that	 major	 event	 was	 only	 recorded	 in	 textbooks	 by	 the	 era	 of	 MA
energy;	there	were	few	living	humans	who	actually	remembered	it.
As	generations	passed,	the	fear	we	instilled	in	them	naturally	weakened.
Though	the	event	still	seemed	recent	from	a	dragon	point	of	view,	to	humans
it	was	already	far	in	the	past.
But	 since	 that	 was	 the	 only	 time	 we	 had	 majorly	 interfered	 with	 humanity,
out	of	deference	to	Sariel,	perhaps	we	sowed	the	seeds	of	ruin.
It	 allowed	 humans	 the	 wishful	 thinking	 that	 dragons	 were	 not	 actually	 so
frightening,	that	they	could	ignore	our	warning.
In	 essence,	 they	 weighed	 the	 threat	 of	 dragons	 against	 the	 boon	 of	 MA
energy	and	ruled	in	favor	of	the	latter.
Our	warnings	were	thus	ignored,	but	Sariel	was	put	in	a	difficult	position	as
well.
For	 she	 was	 being	 pressured	 by	 her	 own	 employees	 in	 the	 Sariella
Foundation.
The	energy	crisis	was	a	problem	of	utmost	import	for	those	who	worked	in
medical	care,	for	the	latest	medical	equipment	could	not	operate	without	energy.
On	 top	 of	 that,	 the	 theory	 of	 MA	 energy	 evolution	 proved	 invaluable	 for
research	into	treating	previously	incurable	diseases.
Indeed,	to	the	medical	community,	MA	energy	was	a	beacon	of	hope.
And	 of	 course,	 as	 I	 described	 before,	 the	 lower	 classes	 were	 helped
immensely	by	MA	energy.
Since	the	Sariella	Foundation	existed	to	support	the	less	fortunate,	they	could
not	condone	dropping	the	use	of	MA	energy	entirely.
Had	Foduey	been	in	good	health,	perhaps	he	could	have	handled	this	internal
strife	 of	 sorts,	 but	 he	 had	 been	 quarantined	 because	 of	 his	 vampiric
transformation.
Frankly,	 the	 Sariella	 Foundation	 had	 also	 become	 too	 large	 thanks	 to
Foduey’s	support.
So	 large,	 in	 fact,	 that	 the	 word	 of	 Sariel	 alone	 could	 not	 determine	 their
direction,	even	though	she	was	the	founder	and	president.
Because	 her	 own	 organization	 was	 turning	 against	 her,	 Sariel	 ended	 up
withdrawing	from	the	public	eye.
Since	 they	 had	 also	 just	 recently	 taken	 in	 the	 children	 who	 were	 victims	 of
Potimas’s	 human	 experiments,	 she	 devoted	 her	 energy	 to	 managing	 the
orphanage	instead.
I	still	cannot	say	whether	that	was	for	the	best	or	not…
Page 127
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 134 (PDF index) ---
The	 children	 from	 that	 orphanage,	 including	 Ariel,	 would	 go	 on	 to	 have	 a
major	effect	on	the	future.
That	likely	would	not	have	been	the	case	were	they	not	so	closely	involved
with	 Sariel,	 which	 makes	 me	 wonder	 whether	 things	 would	 have	 gone
differently	otherwise.
Thus,	Sariel’s	influence	was	forced	out	of	the	Sariella	Foundation.
But	neither	she	nor	I	and	the	other	dragons	could	tolerate	the	humans’	actions
just	because	they	refused	to	heed	our	warnings.
We	 knew	 all	 too	 well	 that	 things	 would	 go	 disastrously	 wrong	 before	 too
long	if	they	continued	down	this	path.
Why?	Because	MA	energy	is	an	exploitation	of	the	life	force	of	the	planet.
Planets	have	a	life	force,	just	like	living	things.
We	gods	absorb	the	excess	energy	given	off	by	the	planet	in	order	to	live.
Perhaps	it	is	akin	to	how	plants	produce	oxygen	and	animals	produce	carbon
dioxide.
But	that	was	not	so	for	the	MA	energy	humans	were	taking.
They	 were	 not	 using	 surplus	 that	 was	 naturally	 released,	 but	 forcibly
extracting	the	energy	the	planet	required	to	live.
If	they	kept	this	up,	the	planet	was	bound	to	weaken	and	eventually	fall	apart.
The	dragons	and	Sariel	alike	told	them	to	stop	in	order	to	prevent	that.
We	explained	the	reason	too,	of	course.
…But	 as	 I	 said	 before,	 humans	 only	 believe	 things	 that	 are	 convenient	 for
them.
And	they	will	always	find	an	excuse	not	to	believe	something	that	isn’t.
Foolish.
Truly	foolish.
I	am	sure	the	cost	of	that	foolishness	was	higher	than	the	humans	could	have
imagined.
When	did	humanity	forget	their	fear	of	dragons…?
And	why	did	they	optimistically	assume	the	dragons	would	not	act	on	their
fury…?
I	still	remember	it	clearly.
The	elders	summoned	all	dragons	for	a	gathering.
There,	they	made	the	announcement.
“We	will	cull	the	humans.”
Page 128
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 135 (PDF index) ---
That	day,	the	dragons	bared	their	fangs	against	humanity.
Page 129
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 136 (PDF index) ---
Page 130
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com