--- PAGE 137 (PDF index) ---
Annoyingly	enough,	I	have	become	a	wanted	man.
But	no	matter.	The	popularization	of	MA	energy	is	succeeding.
The	evolution	theory,	too.
Chances	are	slim,	but	perhaps	someone	will	use	these	two	theses	and	produce
more	successful	research	than	I	have.
It	is	not	as	if	I	must	only	find	the	path	to	eternal	life	on	my	own,	after	all.
Certainly	that	would	be	the	surest	and	most	reliable	way,	but	if	someone	else
were	to	find	the	key	to	eternal	life	instead,	it	would	still	be	cause	for	celebration.
My	research	has	hit	a	wall.
Just	as	I	disclosed	in	my	evolution	theory,	I	have	succeeded	in	prolonging	the
lifespan.
Truth	 be	 told,	 I	 have	 additionally	 found	 an	 evolution	 to	 another	 race	 that
extends	the	lifespan	even	further.
For	convenience,	I	have	evolved	into	this	species,	which	I	call	“elves.”
But	my	life	is	only	longer	now;	it	is	not	eternal.
More	research	is	required,	but	that	would	necessitate	massive	amounts	of	MA
energy.
There	is	a	limit	to	how	much	MA	energy	one	individual	can	gather.
That	is	why	I	popularized	it.
If	they	learn	the	true	nature	of	MA	energy,	the	dragons	will	likely	not	stand
silently	by,	but	let	them	do	what	they	may.
It	matters	not	what	using	MA	energy	might	do	to	this	planet.
Research	requires	sacrifices.
As	 long	 as	 my	 research	 succeeds	 before	 the	 planet	 is	 destroyed,	 all	 will	 be
well.
Should	 the	 planet	 perish	 before	 then,	 I	 shall	 simply	 abandon	 it	 and	 go
elsewhere.
I	have	no	use	for	a	place	where	I	cannot	do	research.
Page 131
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 138 (PDF index) ---
Why	should	I	bother	with	a	pitiful	planet	that	cannot	even	grant	one	person
eternal	life?
I	have	already	made	preparations	to	take	off	into	space.
From	 the	 moment	 we	 started	 using	 MA	 energy,	 this	 planet	 was	 already
doomed	to	die,	sooner	or	later.
I	shall	squeeze	out	every	last	drop	that	serves	my	research.
The	other	humans	can	deal	with	the	wrath	of	the	dragons	for	me.
Either	way,	when	this	planet	falls	to	ruin,	they	will	all	go	down	with	it.
They	can	at	least	be	of	use	to	me	before	they	die.
Page 132
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com