--- PAGE 139 (PDF index) ---
I’m	a	little	worried	about	Yamada	and	friends,	but	before	I	head	over	there…
I	summon	four	battle	clones	and	put	the	puppet	spiders	on	top	of	them.
That	 way,	 if	 they	 find	 themselves	 in	 serious	 trouble,	 they	 should	 be	 able	 to
get	away	using	the	battle	clones’	teleportation.
Gotta	say,	though—the	sight	of	a	six-armed	girl	on	top	of	a	battle	clone,	aka
a	three-foot-tall	spider…
So	this	is	what	you’d	call	creepy-cute!
The	puppet	spiders	dash	away	gallantly	atop	their	battle	clones.
Hmm.	 They	 looked	 kinda	 pumped	 up	 about	 it,	 but	 I’m	 sure	 that’s	 just	 my
imagination.
Anyway,	 now	 that	 I	 have	 nothing	 else	 to	 worry	 about,	 I’ll	 head	 over	 to	 see
what’s	happening	with	Yamada	and	the	others.
Teleportation,	activate!
So,	now	I’m	on	the	scene	and	all,	and…	What	exactly	is	this	chaotic	situation
here?
First	of	all,	Yamada	is	curled	up	on	the	ground	clutching	his	head.
He	 doesn’t	 appear	 to	 be	 unconscious,	 but	 he’s	 definitely	 in	 serious	 pain	 of
some	kind.
And	for	some	reason,	a	half-elf	is	lying	next	to	him.
Umm,	what	was	her	name	again?	Anna?
Then	you’ve	got	Ooshima,	who’s	sitting	close	to	Yamada	and	holding	him.
Hyrince	and	Shinohara	are	standing	in	front	of	Yamada,	as	if	to	protect	him.
Ms.	Oka	is	a	little	way	behind	them.
Plus,	Tagawa	and	Kushitani	are	on	the	ground,	too,	totally	knocked	out.
As	if	all	that	wasn’t	chaotic	enough,	Natsume	is	standing	there	giving	Vampy
a	total	death	glare,	and	Vampy	is	glaring	right	back	at	him,	making	zero	attempt
to	hide	her	desire	to	kill	him.
Mr.	Oni	appears	to	have	no	interest	in	those	two;	he’s	just	staring	at	Yamada,
Page 133
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 140 (PDF index) ---
looking	bewildered.
Um,	hello?
What’s	going	on	here?
Someone	explain,	please!
But	there’s	no	time	to	stand	around	being	confused	because	things	are	only
getting	worse.
So	I	decide	to	take	care	of	the	most	immediate	danger	first:	namely,	getting
between	Vampy	and	Natsume.
Or	rather,	I	teleport	behind	Natsume,	but	close	enough…
For	now,	I	reach	out	slowly,	careful	that	he	doesn’t	notice	me.
Then	I	grab	him	hard	by	the	back	of	the	head.
…Why	 couldn’t	 I	 have	 done	 things	 more	 gracefully	 after	 reaching	 out	 so
slowly?
There’s	no	time	for	that,	fool!
Just	 like	 that,	 I	 give	 the	 order	 to	 the	 spider	 clone	 living	 inside	 Natsume’s
head	to	put	him	to	sleep	for	a	little	while.
While	I’m	at	it,	I	might	as	well	take	back	the	little	parasite	spider,	too.
The	role	I	needed	Natsume	to	play	is	pretty	much	taken	care	of	at	this	point.
He	can	do	whatever	he	wants	from	here	on	out.
Whatever	happens	as	a	result	is	his	own	responsibility.
You	might	think	it’s	cruel	to	just	abandon	him	after	using	him	so	much,	but
remember,	 Natsume	 was	 already	 up	 to	 no	 good	 before	 we	 started	 taking
advantage	of	him.
So	just	tell	yourself	he	deserves	it,	thank	you	very	much!
The	tiny	clone	crawls	out	from	Natsume’s	ear,	and	I	take	it	back.
As	I	do	so,	Natsume	passes	out	on	the	ground.
“Master,	could	you	not	interfere,	please?”
Vampy	stomps	over	to	me,	looking	blatantly	annoyed.
Look,	if	I	didn’t	interfere,	you	totally	would’ve	killed	Natsume,	am	I	right?
I	 don’t	 know	 what	 happened,	 but	 you	 can’t	 just	 go	 around	 killing	 people
whenever	you	get	the	urge.
You	should	try	getting	more	calcium.
…That	reminds	me,	apparently	the	puppet	spiders	used	to	feed	Vampy	bones
for	a	while.
Maybe	she’s	been	so	moody	because	of	a	bone	deficiency?
Aren’t	vampires	supposed	to	drink	blood,	not	eat	bones?
“It	can’t	be…	But	how?”
Page 134
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 141 (PDF index) ---
Oops.
I	got	so	distracted	with	pointless	thoughts	that	Ms.	Oka	said	something	to	me.
Or	at	least,	she	whispered	something	to	herself	about	me,	anyway.
“Hello	again,	Ms.	Oka.”
I	decide	to	give	her	a	response.
Vampy	and	Mr.	Oni	look	openly	taken	aback	by	my	reaction.
L-look,	I	can	greet	people	if	I	really	want	to,	okay!
Even	if	it’s	mostly	just	because	it’s	Ms.	Oka	we’re	talking	about!
“Wakaba…?”
Yamada	groans,	notices	me,	and	murmurs	that	name.
Then	he	passes	out,	like	a	marionette	whose	strings	have	been	cut.
He	 doesn’t	 seem	 to	 be	 dead.	 But	 judging	 by	 the	 state	 he	 was	 in	 before	 he
fainted,	I	can’t	assume	he’s	fine,	either.
I’ve	got	to	check	on	his	condition	and	treat	him	right	away.
So	I	take	a	step	forward,	only	to	be	stopped	by	someone	standing	in	my	way.
It’s	 Ooshima,	 looking	 at	 me	 desperately	 and	 brandishing	 a	 broken	 sword,
trying	to	protect	Yamada.
Look,	I’m	trying	to	save	him,	okay?	Don’t	give	me	that	“if	you	want	to	get
near	him,	you’ll	have	to	kill	me	first!”	kind	of	look.
I	 glance	 over	 at	 Hyrince,	 who’s	 standing	 right	 next	 to	 Ooshima,	 but	 he	 has
the	nerve	to	ignore	my	“do	something	about	this!”	look.
In	fact,	he’s	blocking	my	way	right	alongside	Ooshima.
Is	he	saying	that	he’s	going	to	keep	acting	the	part	of	Hyrince	here,	not	Güli-
güli?
Hm.	Hrmm.
If	 that’s	 how	 Güli-güli’s	 acting,	 is	 it	 safe	 to	 assume	 that	 means	 Yamada’s
condition	isn’t	an	emergency?
I	guess	there’s	no	need	to	panic,	then.
In	that	case,	I	guess	my	next	move	is	to	punish	the	person	who	caused	all	this
chaos.
“Why	does	it	seem	like	you’re	giving	off	an	extremely	threatening	aura	right
now,	Master?	Is	it	just	my	imagination?”
Oh,	it’s	extremely	real,	Vampy	my	dear.
I	know	you	must’ve	made	some	careless	decision	that	led	to	all	this!
Now	spit	it	out,	pronto!
What	did	you	do?!
“Oh,	 don’t	 give	 me	 that	 accusatory	 look.	 I	 didn’t	 do	 anything,	 all	 right?	 I
Page 135
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 142 (PDF index) ---
don’t	 think	 it’s	 very	 nice	 that	 you	 always	 assume	 it’s	 my	 fault	 whenever
something	like	this	happens,	Master.”
Liar!
“Wakaba…that’s	 you,	 right?	 What’s	 going	 on	 here?!	 What	 did	 you	 do	 to
Shun?!”
Ooshima	is	yelling	at	me,	but	it’s	going	to	have	to	wait,	because	I’m	in	the
middle	of	interrogating	the	person	I	suspect	of	actually	doing	something	to	Shun.
“Ms.	White,	we	really	didn’t	do	anything.”
Just	as	I’m	about	to	grab	Vampy	by	the	scruff	of	her	neck	and	force	her	to
confess	everything,	Mr.	Oni	unexpectedly	steps	in	to	defend	her!
“Shun	 did	 something	 to	 that	 half-elf	 there	 and	 suddenly	 started	 writhing	 in
agony.	Based	on	the	circumstances,	I’m	guessing	he	used	some	kind	of	skill	and
got	hit	with	side	effects	or	something?”
Vampy	nods	along	vigorously	to	Mr.	Oni’s	calm	appraisal.
“In	fact,	if	anyone	did	something	wrong,	it’s	me,	not	Sophia.”
Mr.	Oni	looks	at	me	apologetically.
Huh?	It	wasn’t	this	idiot	who	keeps	nodding	with	a	triumphant	grin?
“I	cut	down	that	half-elf,	and	Shun	healed	her,	but	in	the	next	instant	he	was
on	the	ground	writhing	in	pain.	At	least,	that’s	what	it	looked	like	to	me.”
Great	analysis,	Mr.	Oni.
Very	concise	and	easy	to	understand.
Hmm?	Wait,	he	healed	her	and	then	fell	over	in	pain?
“Incidentally,	unless	I’m	sorely	mistaken,	there	was	no	way	he	should	have
been	 able	 to	 heal	 that	 half-elf.	 It	 was	 definitely	 a	 fatal	 wound.	 No	 matter	 how
good	at	magic	Shun	might	be,	he	couldn’t	have	possibly	saved	her	in	time.”
Hmmm?
Wait,	what?	You’re	telling	me	that	the	half-elf	lying	next	to	Yamada	is	dead?
But	she’s	totally	breathing…	She’s	definitely	just	passed	out,	right?
Which	 can	 only	 mean…	 Yamada	 used	 his	 Mercy	 skill	 to	 bring	 her	 back	 to
life?
“Did	Shun	bring	her	back	from	the	dead	somehow?	I	mean,	there’s	no	way
an	 ability	 like	 that	 would	 come	 without	 a	 price,	 right?	 I	 don’t	 know	 what	 the
consequence	is,	but	it	would	explain	why	Shun	seems	to	be	in	so	much	pain.	So
don’t	blame	that	on	us,	Kanata.”
That	last	part	is	directed	at	Ooshima,	who’s	still	gamely	holding	up	a	broken
sword.
Ooshima’s	 eyes	 are	 full	 of	 confusion,	 yet	 there’s	 also	 the	 glimmer	 of
Page 136
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 143 (PDF index) ---
someone	trying	to	assess	the	situation,	desperately	looking	for	a	way	out	of	this
mess.
But	I	don’t	have	time	to	worry	about	that	right	now.
I’m	breaking	out	in	a	cold	sweat	over	here.
In	a	way,	isn’t	it	kinda	my	fault	that	Yamada	went	down?
Like,	if	he	used	Mercy	and	then	fell	over	in	pain,	that’s	gotta	mean	his	Taboo
maxed	out,	yeah?
The	cost	of	using	Mercy	is	the	Taboo	skill	leveling	up.
That	in	itself	wouldn’t	cause	any	pain…unless	it	maxed	out	Taboo.
I	 experienced	 that	 for	 myself,	 and	 let	 me	 tell	 you,	 I	 still	 remember	 how
nauseous	I	felt	whether	I	want	to	or	not.
Yeah.	It’s	no	wonder	he	passed	out.
That	being	said,	I	happen	to	know	that	there	was	a	certain	mastermind	who
deliberately	 dropped	 dead	 bodies	 in	 front	 of	 Yamada	 to	 make	 him	 raise	 his
Taboo	level.
Oops!	It	was	me!
Yep,	it’s	my	fault	that	Yamada’s	Taboo	skill	maxed	out!
Mr.	Oni	might	have	given	him	the	final	push,	but	the	fact	is	that	I’m	the	one
who	set	him	up	for	it.
Yikes,	I’m	in	no	position	to	be	accusing	Vampy…
“Still,	Kanata,	aren’t	you	freaking	out	too	much	over	Shun	just	passing	out?”
While	 I’m	 mulling	 over	 how	 to	 hide	 this	 little	 fact,	 Mr.	 Oni	 conveniently
changes	the	subject.
“Shun	 is	 still	 alive.	 He’s	 not	 dead.	 And	 this	 is	 a	 battlefield,	 where	 death
occurs	 at	 a	 moment’s	 notice.	 So	 why	 are	 you	 getting	 into	 such	 a	 panic	 over
someone	 fainting	 a	 little?	 Don’t	 tell	 me	 you’re	 standing	 here	 without	 being
prepared	to	die,	or	to	lose	someone?”
A	crackling	aura	of	intimidation	surges	out	from	Mr.	Oni.
It’s	so	intense	that	the	imperial	and	elf	armies	fighting	nearby	freeze	in	their
tracks.
Poor	 Ooshima	 takes	 the	 brunt	 of	 it	 to	 the	 face,	 resulting	 in	 a	 whole	 lot	 of
shaking	and	sweat.
Seriously,	 it’s	 like	 someone	 dumped	 a	 bucket	 of	 water	 over	 the	 kid,	 to	 the
point	where	I’m	amazed	Ooshima	is	still	standing	at	all.
“If	 you’re	 seriously	 here	 with	 such	 a	 half-assed	 level	 of	 resolve,	 I’m
disappointed	in	you.	You	don’t	know	the	truth,	you’re	not	prepared	to	find	out,
and	yet	you	still	waltz	in	here	convinced	that	you’re	the	heroes?	It’s	so	stupid	it
Page 137
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 144 (PDF index) ---
goes	past	funny	to	the	point	of	being	infuriating.	I	would	hate	to	think	that	my
former	friend	is	such	an	idiot	now.”
Mr.	 Oni	 makes	 an	 uncharacteristic	 show	 of	 disgust	 as	 he	 insults	 his	 old
friend.
He’s	glossing	over	his	anger	with	sheer	intimidation,	but	something	about	it
seems	false.
Well,	 I’m	 sure	 he	 has	 a	 lot	 of	 mixed	 feelings	 since	 they	 used	 to	 be	 best
friends	and	all.
As	 for	 his	 unlucky	 target,	 Ooshima	 is	 just	 barely	 conscious	 from	 the
onslaught	of	Mr.	Oni’s	intimidation.
“Kanata.	 This	 is	 your	 first	 and	 only	 warning.	 Put	 down	 your	 weapons	 and
surrender.	 Otherwise,	 I’m	 going	 to	 cut	 you	 down,	 whether	 we	 were	 friends	 or
not.	That’s	what	real	resolve	looks	like.”
I	seriously	doubt	he	intends	to	do	that,	but	Mr.	Oni	puts	all	the	force	of	his
intimidation	behind	the	declaration.
That	ends	up	being	the	final	straw.
Ooshima’s	legs	give	way,	sending	the	poor	kid	slumping	to	the	ground.
I	 guess	 sometimes	 your	 instincts	 get	 ahead	 of	 your	 reason	 and	 decide	 to
surrender	 for	 you,	 especially	 when	 it’s	 already	 so	 obvious	 how	 much	 stronger
your	enemy	is.
Everybody’s	got	limits,	y’know?
I	 wonder	 if	 the	 despair	 Ooshima	 feels	 now	 is	 similar	 to	 how	 I	 felt	 the	 first
time	I	ran	into	Araba.
The	 kind	 of	 opponent	 where	 you	 can	 tell	 by	 their	 presence	 alone	 that	 you
don’t	 stand	 a	 chance,	 that	 the	 difference	 between	 you	 is	 just	 too
insurmountable…
Anyway,	Ooshima	loses	the	will	to	fight	and	retires	from	battle.
Yamada,	the	half-elf,	Tagawa,	and	Kushitani	are	all	down	for	the	count,	too.
That	just	leaves	Ms.	Oka,	Shinohara,	and	a	bonus	Hyrince.
“Hey,	Wakaba,	I	thought	you	were	dead.”
One	of	those	survivors,	Shinohara,	starts	talking	to	me	through	Telepathy.
From	what	I’ve	gathered,	Ms.	Oka	thought	I	was	dead	this	whole	time.
D	told	me	that	Ms.	Oka	got	a	unique	skill	that	told	her	the	current	state	of	all
the	reincarnations,	and	apparently	it	said	that	Wakaba	Hiiro	was	dead.
I’m	 guessing	 it’s	 because	 I	 turned	 into	 a	 god	 and	 got	 removed	 from	 the
system,	probably…
Like,	the	system	couldn’t	find	me	anymore,	so	for	the	sake	of	convenience	it
Page 138
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 145 (PDF index) ---
just	displays	that	I’m	dead.
Well…the	real	Wakaba	Hiiro,	aka	D,	never	actually	got	reincarnated	into	this
world	in	the	first	place,	and	her	stand-in	(me)	isn’t	dead,	which	means	Ms.	Oka’s
information	is	full	of	holes	at	this	point…
Since	 Ms.	 Oka’s	 eyes	 are	 focused	 on	 an	 empty	 patch	 of	 air,	 I’m	 guessing
she’s	checking	that	unique	skill	right	now.
“…Are	you	really	Wakaba?”
“Yes.”
The	 real	 answer	 is	 no,	 but	 explaining	 that	 would	 take	 ages,	 and	 even	 the
Demon	Lord	doesn’t	know	about	the	real	relationship	between	D	and	me.
It’s	easier	just	to	say	yes	for	now.
“But…”
“Your	skill	can’t	detect	me	as	I	am	now,	Ms.	Oka.”
“What?!”
Ms.	Oka	looks	super	surprised.
So	do	Vampy	and	Mr.	Oni,	although	it’s	obviously	because	they’re	watching
me	hold	a	proper	conversation…
L-look,	I	can	talk	to	people	a	little	bit	if	I	really	try!
UGH!
“I	would	love	to	rekindle	our	relationship	and	explain	all	manner	of	things,
but	I	believe	we	are	both	quite	preoccupied	at	the	moment.	Let	us	discuss	things
another	time.”
I’m	going	to	have	to	shut	down	this	conversation	for	now,	even	if	it	is	a	little
rude.
It’s	not	because	I	can’t	bear	to	talk	for	another	second,	okay?
It’s	just	that	a	teeeeny	little	problem	has	cropped	up	elsewhere.
The	kind	that	I’m	gonna	have	to	run	over	and	deal	with	personally.
So	 I’ll	 leave	 this	 in	 the	 capable	 hands	 of	 Vam…	 Haha,	 nope,	 let’s	 go	 with
Mr.	Oni.
“Tell	the	imperial	army	and	demon	army	to	retreat.”
“Retreat?”	 Mr.	 Oni	 blinks	 in	 confusion	 at	 my	 command.	 “What	 about	 the
elves?”
“Focus	on	retreating.”
I	would	prefer	to	wipe	out	the	elves	completely,	but	there’s	no	time	for	that
right	now.
As	for	Yamada	and	the	gang,	I’ll	let	Hyrince	take	care	of	that.
I	open	my	eyes	for	just	a	moment	and	give	him	a	meaningful	look.
Page 139
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 146 (PDF index) ---
That	should	convey	what	I	want	to	say,	or	at	least,	I	sure	hope	so…
Basically,	 I’d	 like	 him	 to	 convince	 Ms.	 Oka	 and	 Shinohara	 to	 gather	 the
others	up	and	retreat.
Because	I’m	not	sure	if	I	can	guarantee	that	this	area	will	be	safe	for	much
longer.
“…All	right.	Be	careful,	Ms.	White.”
“Hey,	wait	a	minute.	I	can	still	fight,	you	know.”
Vampy	looks	indignant,	but	unfortunately,	the	next	stage	of	this	battle	while
be	tough	even	for	her.
She	 could	 probably	 take	 on	 a	 single	 mega-robot	 on	 her	 own	 relatively
unharmed,	but	something	even	worse	has	just	shown	up.
I	 have	 no	 time	 to	 stand	 around	 and	 convince	 her,	 so	 I’ll	 just	 hope	 that	 Mr.
Oni	is	up	to	the	task.
For	now,	I	teleport	away.
As	soon	as	I	arrive	at	my	destination,	I	feel	the	very	air	shaking.
That	 would	 be	 the	 aftershocks	 from	 the	 most	 intense	 battle	 of	 the	 many
currently	taking	place	all	over	the	elf	village.
On	one	side	is	the	queen,	one	of	the	world’s	strongest	monsters,	commanding
the	taratect	troops.
On	the	other	is	the	elves’	ultimate	weapon.
Yep,	they’ve	finally	busted	it	out.
A	 weapon	 that	 makes	 even	 the	 mega-robots	 I	 fought	 before	 look	 like	 a
child’s	playthings.
The	 mega-robots	 were	 more	 powerful	 than	 even	 a	 top-class	 dragon,	 but	 it’s
obvious	at	a	glance	that	this	thing	is	even	stronger.
The	 first	 thing	 I	 see	 when	 I	 arrive	 is	 the	 taratect	 troops	 getting	 utterly
decimated.
From	the	smallest	spiders	that	I	once	started	out	as,	to	the	bigger	spiders	that
are	the	grown	version	of	those,	to	the	even	bigger	spiders	that	have	grown	and
evolved	 further—they’re	 all	 getting	 equally	 crushed	 without	 a	 chance	 to	 fight
back.
That	even	includes	the	queen.
Their	enemy	is	floating	in	the	air.
If	I	were	to	describe	it	in	a	word	or	two,	I	would	use	sea	urchin.
It’s	a	sphere	around	thirty	feet	in	diameter.
With	countless	spikes	sticking	out	of	it.
Yep.	It’s	a	sea	urchin.
Page 140
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 147 (PDF index) ---
A	giant,	metal	sea	urchin.
I	don’t	know	how	to	react	to	its	physical	appearance,	but	its	power	is	nothing
to	laugh	about.
Every	one	of	its	spikes	is	a	gun	barrel,	carpet-bombing	the	entire	area.
There’s	nowhere	to	run.
A	 hail	 of	 bullets	 rains	 down	 everywhere,	 scorching	 the	 ground	 into	 a
blackened	wasteland.
The	forest	is	being	blown	away,	and	so	are	the	taratect	troops.
Even	the	queen	can’t	escape,	the	bullets	riddling	her	body	with	holes.
At	her	giant	size,	she’s	an	easy	target	for	the	bombing.
Normally	the	queen	can	dodge	enemy	attacks	with	her	surprising	speed,	but	I
guess	that	won’t	work	when	the	bullets	are	covering	far	too	wide	of	a	range	to
escape.
The	queen	taratect	is	still	no	slouch,	though.
Maintaining	the	pride	of	royalty	even	under	fire,	she’s	still	gathering	energy
in	the	self-contradictory	form	of	black	light	in	her	mouth.
A	breath	attack.
The	full	power	of	a	strongest-class	monster	unleashed	in	energy	form.
A	dense	black	beam	flies	toward	the	sea	urchin	floating	in	the	air.
The	 beam	 of	 light	 blows	 away	 the	 bullets	 fired	 by	 the	 sea	 urchin,	 surging
toward	the	source	to	obliterate	it	and	reach	all	the	way	to	space.
I	could	easily	imagine	that	happening,	it	was	so	powerful.
If	it	hits,	the	queen’s	full-powered	attack	boasts	enough	destructive	power	to
blow	away	even	an	entire	mountain	and	change	the	very	landscape.
Surely	it	would	be	strong	enough	to	destroy	a	thirty-foot-wide	lump	of	metal
without	a	trace.
And	yet,	the	sea	urchin	is	intact.
The	breath	attack	definitely	hit.
It	didn’t	even	attempt	to	dodge.
Almost	as	if	to	say	that	it	didn’t	need	to.
The	barrier	around	the	sea	urchin	erased	the	queen’s	breath	attack.
Not	just	blocked—erased.
It	 wiped	 out	 that	 entire	 powerful	 attack,	 as	 if	 it	 had	 never	 been	 there	 in	 the
first	place.
The	mega-robots	were	equipped	with	anti-technique	barriers,	too.
But	this	one	seems	to	be	considerably	higher	power.
I’m	 sure	 the	 queen’s	 breath	 attack	 could	 have	 pierced	 the	 mega-robots’
Page 141
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 148 (PDF index) ---
barrier.
Even	 if	 it	 couldn’t	 destroy	 them	 in	 one	 blow,	 it	 would	 have	 at	 least	 done
considerable	damage.
But	it	didn’t	put	a	scratch	on	this	sea	urchin.
If	her	breath	attack	doesn’t	work	on	it,	there’s	nothing	the	queen	can	do.
Long-distance	attacks	get	blocked	by	the	sea	urchin’s	barrier.
That	just	leaves	pure	physical	attacks,	but	the	nonstop	rain	of	bullets	makes
that	impossible.
Page 142
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 149 (PDF index) ---
Page 143
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 150 (PDF index) ---
The	 queen	 tries	 to	 use	 Spatial	 Maneuvering	 to	 get	 up	 into	 the	 air,	 but	 she’s
pinned	down	to	the	ground	by	bullets,	unable	to	take	a	single	step.
Each	bullet	whittles	away	at	her	body,	and	the	next	one	strikes	before	she	can
regenerate.
The	 queen,	 who’s	 just	 as	 powerful	 as	 Mother	 was,	 is	 getting	 beaten	 down
without	a	chance	to	fight	back.
What	a	terrifying	weapon	Potimas	has	developed.
Am	I	crazy,	or	could	a	single	one	of	these	things	take	over	the	entire	world?
Though	I	assume	it	would	be	difficult	to	get	enough	ammo,	or	energy	for	it	to
run,	or	something.
That	being	said,	it	doesn’t	seem	to	be	running	low	on	bullets	at	all.
There	must	be	a	spatial	expansion	or	something	inside,	with	the	bullets	being
stored	in	another	dimension.
Otherwise	this	wouldn’t	make	any	sense.
Wait,	this	is	no	time	to	stand	around	casually	observing	the	thing.
At	this	rate,	the	queen	is	going	to	go	down.
Guess	 I’d	 better	 step	 in	 before	 that	 happens	 and	 shoot	 down	 the	 sea	 urchin
myself!
All	right,	fire	a	meteor	bullet!
The	meteor	bullet	lands	a	direct	hit	on	the	sea	urchin!
It’s	so	loud	it	practically	ruptures	my	eardrums,	to	the	point	where	I’d	even
call	it	more	of	a	shock	wave	than	a	sound.
Gaaaah!	My	eeeears!
What	the	hell	was	that?!
Why’d	it	make	a	way	bigger	boom	than	when	I	hit	the	mega-robots?!
Then	the	answer	becomes	painfully	clear.
The	sea	urchin	is	still	intact.
You’ve	gotta	be	kidding	me…
How	 can	 anything	 be	 alive	 and	 well	 after	 taking	 a	 direct	 hit	 from	 a	 meteor
bullet…?
I	guess	that	boom	was	the	sound	of	the	sea	urchin	blocking	it.
Okay,	that	barrier	must	have	a	two-layer	structure.
The	 meteor	 bullet	 is	 too	 powerful	 an	 attack	 to	 block	 with	 high	 physical
resistance	alone.
So	 the	 natural	 conclusion	 is	 that	 the	 barrier	 also	 defends	 against	 physical
attacks.
I’m	 guessing	 the	 inner	 layer	 is	 the	 physical-defense	 barrier,	 and	 the	 outer
Page 144
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 151 (PDF index) ---
layer	is	the	anti-technique	barrier.
If	it	were	the	other	way	around,	the	anti-technique	barrier	would	cancel	out
the	other	one.
So	magical	and	conjuring	attacks	are	prevented	by	the	anti-technique	barrier,
while	physical	attacks	are	prevented	by	the	physical-defense	barrier.
How	much	energy	must	it	cost	to	operate	a	weapon	like	this…?
Damn	you,	Potimas!	Don’t	go	using	up	this	world’s	valuable	energy	to	make
crap	like	this!
I	know	complaining	to	him	won’t	get	me	anywhere,	but	I	still	wanna	say	it!
Grrr…
What	am	I	gonna	do	about	this,	though…?
I	don’t	have	any	method	for	piercing	a	two-layer	barrier.
I	mean,	it’s	not	that	I	can’t	do	it,	y’know?
But	it	would	mean	using	up	a	massive	amount	of	energy	myself	to	do	it.
Honestly,	that	would	be	a	waste.
So	I’ll	have	to	try	another	way.
The	truth	is,	I	didn’t	really	wanna	resort	to	this.
But	you	can’t	make	an	omelet	without	breaking	a	few	eggs.
When	 I	 busted	 out	 the	 meteor	 bullets,	 I	 realized	 that	 you	 can’t	 let	 the	 right
moment	pass	you	by	to	use	one	of	your	trump	cards.
It	would	be	way	worse	to	hold	back	now	and	let	this	sea	urchin	do	whatever
it	wants.
So	I’ll	use	another	one	of	mine	now,	too!
I	open	my	eyes.
Focus	all	my	power	in	my	pupils.
Then	I	set	my	sights	on	the	sea	urchin.
Activate	Gluttonous	Evil	Eye!
This	is	a	new	Evil	Eye	I	developed	after	becoming	a	god.
Its	 ability	 is	 modeled	 after	 the	 Demon	 Lord’s	 Gluttony	 skill,	 hence	 the
naming	scheme.
Basically,	it	absorbs	energy	from	the	target.
Any	 conjuring	 that	 enters	 my	 line	 of	 sight	 can	 be	 broken	 down	 into	 energy
and	absorbed.
Strictly	 speaking,	 the	 anti-technique	 barrier	 around	 the	 sea	 urchin	 is	 itself	 a
kind	of	conjuring.
A	conjuring	that	obstructs	and	dispels	other	conjurings.
That’s	all	the	barrier	really	is.
Page 145
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 152 (PDF index) ---
In	which	case,	you	just	need	to	develop	a	conjuring	to	erase	a	conjuring…that
erases	other	conjurings.
That	 got	 me	 thinking	 about	 the	 Demon	 Lord’s	 Seven	 Deadly	 Sins	 skill,
Gluttony.
Gluttony’s	ability	can	convert	anything	at	all	into	energy,	and	then	consume
it.
By	 analyzing	 that	 principle,	 I	 figured	 out	 a	 way	 to	 focus	 the	 energy
conversion	on	conjurings,	and	repurposed	it	into	this	Gluttonous	Evil	Eye.
It’s	one	of	the	trump	cards	I	developed	in	case	I	need	to	fight	Güli-güli.
Which	is	why	I	didn’t	really	want	him	to	see	it,	but	oh	well.
Since	 I	 developed	 it	 for	 use	 on	 a	 literal	 god	 like	 Güli-güli,	 Gluttonous	 Evil
Eye’s	effects	are	the	real	deal.
It	easily	devours	the	anti-technique	barrier,	then	the	physical-defense	barrier
underneath	that,	and	even	the	conjuring	that	keeps	the	sea	urchin	floating	in	the
air,	sending	the	thing	crashing	into	the	ground.
Where	the	queen	is	lying	in	wait.
The	sea	urchin	tries	to	defend	itself	by	firing	bullets,	but	now	that	it’s	fallen
to	the	ground	without	its	barriers,	it	doesn’t	stand	a	chance.
The	queen’s	giant	fangs	pierce	the	metallic	sea	urchin	and	tear	it	into	scrap
metal.
We’ve	won.
Or	so	I	thought—but	then	the	sea	urchin	explodes.
The	queen	gets	hit	with	that	explosion	at	point-blank	distance.
Her	 upper	 body	 gets	 blown	 away	 without	 a	 trace,	 and	 the	 remaining	 lower
body	crumples	lifeless	to	the	ground.
NO!	Dammit!
That	crafty	bastard,	sneaking	in	an	explosion	at	the	very	end.
Well,	 it	 hurts	 that	 I	 lost	 the	 queen	 and	 most	 of	 the	 taratect	 troops,	 but	 you
could	also	say	it	was	a	small	price	to	pay	to	destroy	the	elves’	ultimate	weapon.
I’ll	just	have	to	tell	myself	it	was	a	necessary	sacrifice.
As	that	thought	crosses	my	mind,	my	eyes	fall	on	a	sea	urchin	floating	in	the
sky.
No,	not	just	one—tons	of	them.
………Huh?
What?
Hmm?
Hmmm?
Page 146
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 153 (PDF index) ---
Hmmmmm?!
Wait	just	a	minute!
Are	you	serious?!
Whaaat?!
There’s	more	than	one	of	that	sea	urchin	thing?!
In	fact,	aren’t	there	way	too	many	of	them?
At	a	glance,	it	looks	like	there’s	at	least	a	hundred	of	them…
And	 for	 some	 reason,	 there	 appears	 to	 be	 a	 pyramid	 thing	 even	 bigger	 than
the	sea	urchins	floating	in	the	center.
Don’t	tell	me	the	sea	urchins	were	just	another	mass-produced	weapon…
And	the	real	ultimate	weapon	is	that	pyramid	in	the	middle?
First	the	robots,	then	the	mega-robots,	and	now	this…
Stop	reusing	the	same	damn	twist!
ARGH!
Page 147
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com