--- PAGE 154 (PDF index) ---
“Loooser,	loooser.”
…Why	in	the	world	am	I	being	mocked	by	a	six-armed	little	lady	riding	on	a
spider,	hm?
Whew.	Let’s	calm	down.
First,	I	suppose	I	should	look	back	at	how	I	got	here.
My	name	is	Ronandt.
I	was	born…	Ah,	no,	I	suppose	that’s	going	too	far	back.
But	 I	 ended	 up	 in	 this	 here	 elf	 forest	 because	 Prince	 Hugo	 ordered	 me	 to
come.
Despite	how	I	might	seem,	I	am	still	the	head	mage	of	the	imperial	court,	and
I	cannot	refuse	an	order	from	the	crown	prince.
Even	if	I	was	less	than	enthused	about	the	prospect,	to	say	the	very	least…
Well,	can	you	blame	me?
Here	we	are	in	the	height	of	the	war	against	the	demons,	and	suddenly	we’re
declaring	war	on	the	elves	and	heading	out	on	the	offensive.	It	makes	no	sense
whatsoever.
There	has	to	be	something	going	on	behind	the	scenes.
But	knowing	that	doesn’t	mean	I	can	do	a	single	thing	about	it	by	myself.
Folks	 may	 call	 me	 the	 strongest	 mage	 in	 all	 of	 humanity,	 but	 there	 is	 still
much	I’m	incapable	of.
Which	is	why	I	am	being	forced	to	throw	myself	into	this	battle	against	the
elves,	as	ordered…
But	that	was	all	well	and	good	at	first.
I	 was	 put	 in	 charge	 of	 a	 separate	 troop	 from	 Prince	 Hugo	 and	 instructed	 to
proceed	on	a	different	route.
Obviously,	I	took	advantage	of	that	situation	to	put	on	a	show	of	proceeding
slowly	and	carefully,	delaying	the	march	as	much	as	possible.
Page 148
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 155 (PDF index) ---
It	 simply	 seemed	 beyond	 foolish	 to	 put	 my	 life	 on	 the	 line	 for	 such	 a
senseless	battle.
But	once	we	made	contact	with	the	enemy,	of	course	we	had	to	fight,	and	I
will	admit	that	a	part	of	me	did	always	want	to	try	fighting	the	elves	one	day.
After	all,	the	legends	say	that	elves	excel	at	magic	above	all	else.
I	 may	 be	 the	 strongest	 mage	 in	 all	 humanity,	 but	 folks	 still	 often	 compared
me	to	the	elves,	wondering	whether	their	strongest	mage	would	be	stronger	than
me.
Unfortunately,	I	haven’t	the	slightest	idea	who	the	strongest	elf	mage	is,	and
elves	rarely	use	magic	in	front	of	humans	at	all,	leaving	me	with	no	way	to	truly
compare.
Will	my	magical	prowess	make	any	headway	against	the	elves?
I	must	confess,	I	was	always	curious.
…But	 I	 never	 expected	 that	 I	 would	 be	 the	 one	 with	 the	 overpowering
advantage.
Elves	excel	at	magic,	my	foot.
They	can’t	even	deal	with	my	magic	sniping	properly!
Hell,	my	apprentices	could	do	better	than	this.
Disappointed	 in	 the	 baseless	 rumors,	 I	 foolishly	 proceeded	 to	 take	 out	 my
anger	on	all	the	elf	soldiers	I	could	find.
Next	thing	I	knew,	we’d	gotten	ahead	of	Prince	Hugo’s	battalion.
Dear	me,	how	very	careless!
If	only	I	had	known	where	that	carelessness	would	lead…
The	 elves	 may	 have	 been	 a	 letdown,	 but	 then	 I	 found	 a	 strange,	 gigantic
metal	golem	of	sorts	blocking	my	path.
Golems	 are	 humanoid	 monsters	 made	 of	 earth	 and	 stone,	 but	 what	 stood	 in
front	of	me	was	more	like	metal	armor.
I	compare	it	to	a	golem	for	lack	of	any	better	description,	but	it	was	clearly
something	else	entirely.
Since	it	was	inside	the	limits	of	where	the	elves’	barrier	stood,	it	must	have
been	a	creature	that	worked	for	the	elves,	not	a	wild	monster.
It	was	when	I	tried	to	Appraise	it	that	everything	changed.
<Cannot	Be	Appraised>
“All	units,	retreat!”
The	second	I	saw	that	result,	I	gave	the	order	to	withdraw.
Page 149
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 156 (PDF index) ---
In	all	my	life,	there	have	been	very	few	creatures	that	I	could	not	Appraise.
Indeed,	 with	 the	 Appraisal	 skill	 at	 level	 10,	 it	 was	 strange	 that	 there	 was
anything	at	all	that	could	resist	my	Appraisal.
I	suppose	that	is	why	when	I	cannot	Appraise	something,	I	must	assume	that
it	is	far	stronger	than	anything	I	can	handle.
And	as	if	to	confirm	my	fears,	the	metallic	golem	pointed	a	strange	pipe-like
shape	in	my	direction	and	fired	something.
I	was	only	able	to	dodge	it	in	time	because	I	was	already	on	highest	alert.
Even	then,	the	shock	wave	still	threw	me	aside.
But	the	soldiers	directly	behind	me	were	not	so	lucky.
They	were	blown	away,	blood	spraying	everywhere.
It	looked	as	if	they	had	literally	blown	up.
Their	limbs	flew	in	every	direction,	holes	gouged	through	their	torsos.
Each	time	one	of	these	mysterious	objects	that	I	couldn’t	even	see	flew	past,
more	of	my	subordinates	died	horrible	deaths.
I	immediately	fired	magic	at	the	metal	golem.
Without	holding	back	at	all.
But	the	metal	golem	easily	dodged	my	flame	arrow.
Hrm.	Just	as	I	feared.
Sure	 enough,	 the	 metal	 golem	 was	 too	 powerful	 to	 defeat	 by	 any	 ordinary
means.
I	was	the	only	one	of	us	who	stood	a	chance.
I	would	just	have	to	bring	up	the	rear	and	buy	my	soldiers	time	to	escape,	it
would	seem.
I	constructed	a	spell.
Throughout	my	life,	I	had	polished	my	magic	fundamentals	to	the	best	of	my
ability,	especially	after	encountering	that	master.
These	fundamentals	also	served	as	a	secret	technique.
I	created	ten	arrows	of	flame.
Each	one	flew	at	full	speed,	completely	under	my	control.
But	the	metal	golem	evaded	more	than	half	of	them.
And	even	those	that	hit	didn’t	appear	to	deal	much	damage	at	all.
It	likely	had	high	defense,	true	to	its	armor-like	appearance.
It	had	high-speed	mobility,	too,	and	those	mysterious	long-distance	attacks.
Whatever	it	was,	it	was	strong.
Strong	 enough	 to	 remind	 me	 of	 the	 earth	 dragons	 in	 the	 Great	 Elroe
Labyrinth.
Page 150
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 157 (PDF index) ---
A	shiver	ran	down	my	spine.
But	by	bathing	it	in	magic,	I	had	at	least	bought	a	small	amount	of	time.
My	surviving	subordinates	had	all	started	to	run	away.
But	with	this	metal	golem’s	speed,	it	would	be	all	too	easy	to	catch	up.
Just	buying	time	would	not	be	enough.
I	had	to	take	out	a	single	leg	at	least,	even	if	it	cost	my	life.
I	teleported,	landing	behind	the	metallic	golem.
Immediately,	I	wove	magic.
It	froze	the	golem’s	foot.
Then	I	used	Wind	Magic	for	a	follow-up	strike.
The	frozen	metallic	foot	cracked	halfway.
Only	halfway.
But	even	so,	halfway.
That	should’ve	brought	down	its	mobility	a	fair	amount.
The	metal	golem	swung	its	arm	back	in	a	direction	that	defied	how	any	joints
should	naturally	function.
I	froze	for	only	a	second,	then	dove	to	one	side.
This	creature	was	no	proper	living	being,	so	of	course	it	could	move	its	joints
however	it	wished.
But	I	didn’t	understand	that	until	I	saw	it	for	myself.
And	the	cost	was	my	right	arm	and	both	legs.
I	didn’t	dodge	in	time.
But	I	wouldn’t	go	down	without	a	fight.
Grimacing	through	the	pain,	I	constructed	another	spell.
I	managed	to	complete	it	before	the	metal	golem	could	point	its	strange	pipe
at	me	again.
Inferno	Magic	level	4:	Heat	Haze.
A	small	ball	of	flame	forms,	no	bigger	than	my	fist.
It	struck	the	metallic	golem’s	body.
The	effect	only	lasted	an	instant.
But	in	that	instant,	the	flame	consumed	everything.
Heat	 Haze	 is	 a	 spell	 that	 compresses	 the	 power	 of	 a	 massive	 blaze	 into	 a
small	flame.
Fire-related	 magic	 is	 my	 specialty,	 and	 this	 was	 the	 strongest	 fire	 spell	 I
could	use.
Even	 the	 metal	 golem	 could	 not	 stand	 up	 to	 Heat	 Haze:	 its	 sturdy	 frame
burned	up,	melted,	and	was	utterly	destroyed.
Page 151
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 158 (PDF index) ---
Got	you.
I	smirked,	but	the	expression	faded	a	moment	later.
Not	far	away,	I	could	see	several	more	of	the	same	metal	golem	approaching.
…I	suppose	this	is	where	it	ends	for	me,	then.
Just	 as	 I	 began	 to	 give	 up	 hope,	 four	 shadows	 swooped	 down	 and	 attacked
the	metal	golems.
They	destroyed	all	the	golems	in	a	matter	of	seconds.
Then	one	of	them	turned	in	my	direction.
Much	to	my	surprise,	it	turned	out	to	be	a	little	girl	riding	a	spider.
“Loooser,	loooser.”
And	then	she	began	mocking	me…
Hrmm.
No,	it	still	makes	no	sense	even	if	I	go	over	it	from	the	beginning!
I	 assume	 those	 metal	 golems	 must	 be	 monsters	 or	 something	 that	 work	 for
the	elves	in	some	fashion,	but	then	what	in	the	world	are	these	little	girls?
Based	on	the	fact	that	they	have	six	arms,	I	assume	they	are	not	human.
Experimentally,	I	use	Appraisal	on	the	girl	directly	in	front	of	me.
The	result	informs	me	that	they	are	a	species	called	puppet	taratects.
So,	just	as	I	thought,	they	are	monsters.
Taratects	are	a	famous	race	of	spider	monsters.
That	makes	sense,	given	that	they	are	riding	giant	spiders	as	mounts.
But	stranger	still	is	the	fact	that	this	little	girl	has	a	name:	Fiel.
Named	Monsters…
They	 are	 said	 to	 be	 incredibly	 rare	 creatures	 that	 serve	 the	 mightiest	 of
monsters.
After	 all,	 since	 they	 have	 a	 name,	 it	 must	 have	 been	 given	 to	 them	 by	 a
superior	being.
But	 this	 Fiel	 has	 stats	 that	 are	 several	 times	 higher	 than	 the	 earth	 dragon	 I
once	faced,	and	on	which	I	couldn’t	make	a	single	scratch.
Those	 metal	 golems	 seemed	 just	 as	 strong	 as	 said	 earth	 dragon,	 and	 this
“Fiel”	creature	is	clearly	far	stronger.
And	such	a	powerful	monster	serves	an	even	greater	being?
How	horrifically	strong	must	that	monster	be…?
Only	one	creature	comes	to	mind.
The	 legendary	 spider	 monster	 known	 as	 the	 Nightmare	 of	 the	 Labyrinth,
which	once	showed	me	how	truly	ignorant	I	was	of	the	world.
Page 152
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 159 (PDF index) ---
And	these	are	spider-related	monsters,	too.
It	is	too	strange	to	be	a	coincidence.
Could	it	be	true…?
This	“Fiel”	character	is	staring	at	me.
Her	eyes	are	oddly	cold	and	inorganic,	impossible	to	read.
She	 may	 have	 destroyed	 those	 metal	 golems,	 but	 there	 is	 no	 guarantee	 that
she’s	an	ally.
Indeed,	 I	 have	 already	 used	 Appraisal	 on	 her,	 which	 could	 be	 taken	 as	 a
hostile	act.
I	would	have	no	right	to	complain	if	she	cut	me	down	on	the	spot.
…Even	if	she	is	the	one	who	insulted	me	first.
As	I	wait	with	bated	breath,	another	one	of	the	little	girls	smacks	this	“Fiel”
on	the	shoulder.
Then	she	shakes	her	head.
…Though	 she	 didn’t	 say	 anything	 out	 loud,	 that	 clearly	 seemed	 like	 a
scolding,	“don’t	say	that,	even	if	it’s	true…”	type	of	gesture.
“…Geeezer?”
After	the	other	girl’s	intervention,	Fiel	appears	to	have	amended	my	title.
It’s	certainly	much	milder	than	“loooser,”	but	isn’t	that	still	just	her	appraisal
based	on	my	appearance?
“Loooser…	geeezer…	Loo-gee!”
“You	combined	them?!	Isn’t	that	even	worse?!”
…Oh	dear.	My	old	heart	is	about	to	break	here.
Why	am	I	being	mocked	by	a	little	girl	I’ve	just	met,	even	if	she	is	actually	a
monster,	and	being	consoled	with	an	even	worse	mockery?
Whatever	have	I	done	to	deserve	this?
Just	 then,	 the	 trees	 part,	 and	 even	 more	 of	 the	 metal	 golems	 from	 before
appear.
“Nngh!”
I	immediately	get	to	my	feet.
I’ve	 been	 using	 Healing	 Magic	 all	 this	 time	 to	 cure	 the	 wounds	 I	 sustained
before.
I	could	hardly	even	take	a	single	metal	golem	on	my	own,	but	I	refuse	to	die
lying	on	the	ground.
I	do	have	my	pride,	you	know!
“Loo-gee…”
…The	 “Fiel”	 girl	 speaks	 to	 me	 in	 a	 tone	 that	 seems	 to	 say	 “don’t	 push
Page 153
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 160 (PDF index) ---
yourself.”
“Aaargh!	I	am	not	a	‘loo-gee,’	confound	iiiit!”
Like	I	said,	I	do	have	my	pride!!
I	construct	a	spell.
Inferno	Magic	level	1:	Scorched	Earth!
It’s	a	wide-ranged	attack	spell	that	covers	the	ground	in	flames.
Still,	while	its	area	of	effect	is	larger,	it’s	not	nearly	as	powerful	as	the	level	4
spell	Heat	Haze.
It	won’t	be	enough	to	deal	a	fatal	blow	to	the	golems.
But	I’m	just	getting	started!
Next	I	put	together	my	second	spell!
This	time	it’s	Hoarfrost	Magic	level	1:	Frozen	Earth!
This	one’s	a	wide-ranged	attack	spell	that	freezes	over	the	earth.
What	happens	if	you	suddenly	heat	up	a	bunch	of	metal	golems	with	Inferno
Magic,	 then	 hit	 them	 with	 Hoarfrost	 Magic	 that	 drops	 the	 temperature	 in	 the
opposite	direction?
When	 something	 gets	 superheated	 and	 then	 immediately	 supercooled,	 it
becomes	incredibly	fragile.
They	 withstood	 the	 Scorched	 Earth,	 but	 they	 couldn’t	 handle	 the	 Frozen
Earth	immediately	after.
Cracks	begin	to	form	in	the	robots’	armor,	and	they	fall	apart.
“Hyooo-ho-ho-sho!	How	was	that?!	Did	you	see	that?!”
I	puff	up	my	chest	at	the	little	girls.
To	be	honest,	using	magic	of	this	level	twice	in	a	row	is	difficult	even	for	me;
my	head	throbs	with	the	pain	of	being	pushed	to	the	limit,	and	the	sudden	loss	of
MP	leaves	me	dizzy.
But	sometimes	a	man	has	to	be	proud!
“Oooh!”
Fiel	applauds	with	her	six	arms.
Heh.	Looks	like	I	proved	that	I’m	not	a	loooser	after	all.
“Loo-gee!”
“I	told	you,	I	am	not	a	‘loo-gee’!	I’ll	have	you	know	that	I	have	a	very	fine
name.	It’s	Ronandt!”
The	other	three	girls	watch	me	interacting	with	the	“Fiel”	girl.
Under	 their	 gaze,	 I	 get	 the	 creeping	 feeling	 that	 I	 am	 not	 being	 particularly
mature.
But	I	forget	all	about	that	shame	when	Fiel	starts	teasing	me	again.
Page 154
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 161 (PDF index) ---
“Loooser?”
“Why	are	you	going	back	to	that	now?!”
To	make	matters	worse,	even	more	metal	golems	start	approaching,	possibly
attracted	by	my	yelling.
The	little	ladies	prepare	their	weapons	to	fight	the	golems.
It’s	as	if	they’ve	already	forgotten	I	exist.
Now,	I	scarcely	have	any	MP	left	after	that	showy	battle.
It	would	be	difficult	to	take	on	any	more	golems.
If	 these	 other	 girls	 are	 as	 strong	 as	 this	 “Fiel”	 child,	 they	 should	 be	 able	 to
fight	off	the	metal	golems	without	my	help.
But	can	I	really	give	up	now?
Should	I	shamelessly	back	down	after	being	called	a	“loooser”?
“Yaargh!	Just	you	watch!	I’ll	show	you	who’s	the	loooser!”
I	have	my	pride,	I	tell	you!!
Even	if	I	cannot	use	such	big	moves	any	longer,	I	can	at	least	support	these
little	girls!
I’ll	prove	to	them	that	I	am	no	loser!
…Hrmm?	What	did	I	come	here	for	again?
Page 155
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com