--- PAGE 162 (PDF index) ---
“…I	need	to	talk	to	Sariel.”
That	day,	Gülie	visited	with	a	deadly	serious	expression.
Thinking	back,	this	was	the	day	our	peaceful	lives	fell	apart.
“…Maybe	he’s	finally	going	to	confess?”
“It	didn’t	really	seem	like	he	was	in	that	kind	of	mood	to	me…”
An	 excited	 girl	 with	 slightly	 pointed	 ears	 was	 conversing	 with	 a	 green-
skinned	boy,	who	was	gazing	anxiously	at	the	room	where	Lady	Sariel	and	Gülie
were	privately	conversing.
I	 still	 don’t	 know	 what	 was	 said	 in	 there,	 as	 we	 couldn’t	 hear	 them	 from
outside	the	door.
But	I	think	I	can	guess	what	it	was	about.
Because	even	as	the	two	of	them	were	talking,	the	news	suddenly	hit.
“We	interrupt	this	program	to	bring	a	breaking	news	bulletin.”
A	voice	came	from	the	TV,	which	had	been	left	on.
“The	dragons	have	attacked.”
The	newscaster	sounded	flustered	as	he	read	the	news.
It	 was	 too	 short	 of	 a	 report,	 too	 lacking	 in	 information	 to	 be	 a	 proper	 news
bulletin.
But	that	was	only	a	temporary	problem,	for	as	soon	as	the	live	footage	came
on	a	moment	later,	all	of	that	information	was	filled	in.
It	was	enough	to	tell	at	a	single	glance	exactly	what	was	happening.
Whether	we	wanted	to	or	not.
The	footage	was	rough	and	jittery,	possibly	taken	on	a	cell	phone.
It	showed	the	remains	of	what	had	been	a	large	city.
The	 buildings	 were	 falling	 apart,	 cars	 flew	 through	 the	 air	 like	 fluttering
leaves,	and	elevated	highways	had	toppled	over.
Amid	all	the	destruction,	the	people	were	too	small	to	even	be	seen.
But	what	was	painfully	visible,	flying	in	the	sky,	trampling	the	ground,	was
Page 156
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 163 (PDF index) ---
the	forces	of	dragons.
Then	the	footage	suddenly	quaked	wildly	and	was	abruptly	cut	off.
“It	can’t	be…”
As	we	stared	in	rapt	horror	at	the	screen,	Gülie	came	up	behind	us	and	froze.
Lady	Sariel	was	next	to	him,	too.
Without	a	word,	she	turned	and	walked	to	the	door.
“Sariel!	Where	are	you	going…?”
“I	must.”
It	was	a	short	exchange.
And	yet	it	seemed	to	be	enough	for	Gülie	to	figure	out	exactly	where	Lady
Sariel	was	going.
At	the	time,	I	was	still	in	too	much	shock	from	the	footage	on	the	TV	to	fully
understand	 what	 was	 happening,	 or	 the	 meaning	 of	 Gülie	 and	 Lady	 Sariel’s
exchange.
The	images	seemed	far	too	removed	from	reality	for	me	to	fully	accept	that	it
was	actually	happening.
“Sari—”
“Please	do	not	try	to	stop	me.	I	do	not	wish	to	consider	you	an	enemy.”
“……”
Gülie’s	hand	was	reaching	toward	Lady	Sariel,	but	it	froze	at	her	response.
Just	like	that,	Lady	Sariel	walked	out	of	the	orphanage.
“…She	doesn’t	think	that	I	would	take	hostages?	Does	she	really…trust	me
that	much?”
Gülie	sank	into	a	chair,	his	shoulders	sagging.
The	tense	news	report	continued	playing	out	on	the	TV	screen.
Lady	Sariel	did	not	come	back.
Every	TV	channel	was	showing	nothing	but	news,	reporting	on	the	dragons.
Even	 the	 news	 media	 couldn’t	 seem	 to	 get	 complete	 coverage;	 the
information	was	complicated,	and	it	was	difficult	to	tell	what	was	true.
The	 live	 footage	 from	 the	 beginning	 was	 all	 they	 seemed	 to	 have	 from	 the
site	of	the	attack,	which	they	only	got	because	there	happened	to	be	a	reporter	on
the	scene.
The	whereabouts	of	that	reporter	were	unknown.
Given	the	situation,	the	chances	of	survival	were	low.
Gülie	stayed	at	the	orphanage	from	that	day	on.
At	 the	 time,	 I	 didn’t	 quite	 understand	 why	 Gülie	 was	 spending	 the	 night
Page 157
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 164 (PDF index) ---
there.
But	in	retrospect,	I	suspect	he	may	have	been	trying	to	be	of	use	to	Sariel.
By	protecting	the	orphanage,	which	was	so	precious	to	her.
That	must	have	been	an	act	of	betrayal	to	the	dragons.
I’m	sure	it	was	a	serious	decision	for	Gülie,	but	he	was	gentle	with	us,	trying
to	distract	us	from	our	worries	as	we	waited	for	Lady	Sariel	to	return.
A	day,	two	days,	a	week,	a	month…
We	awaited	Lady	Sariel’s	return.
All	of	the	other	kids	from	the	orphanage	came	back.
Even	the	boy	who	had	become	an	idol	insisted	on	taking	a	break	and	came
home.
“This	is	no	time	for	entertainment.	There’s	hardly	any	business	anyway,	so	it
was	easy	to	get	time	off.”
I	don’t	know	how	much	of	that	was	true,	but	it	was	clear	that	he	came	back	to
the	orphanage	because	he	was	worried	about	us.
Still,	all	we	could	do	was	hope	and	pray	for	Lady	Sariel’s	safe	return.
But…
Lady	Sariel	never	came	back	to	the	orphanage…
Not	long	after,	the	dragons	ceased	their	attack.
I	only	learned	from	the	news	that	Lady	Sariel	had	fought	against	the	dragons
and	drove	them	off.
There	 was	 footage	 of	 their	 battle	 on	 the	 news,	 though	 I	 don’t	 know	 how	 it
was	recorded.
That	short	video	was	the	only	recording,	but	it	was	shown	on	the	news	over
and	over,	with	the	commentators	praising	Lady	Sariel.
Some	 people	 questioned	 whether	 the	 footage	 was	 doctored,	 but	 either	 way,
the	fact	remained	that	the	insurmountable	threat	of	the	dragons	had	been	driven
off,	and	certainly	not	by	humans.
Many	 governments	 also	 officially	 recognized	 Lady	 Sariel’s	 achievements,
which	further	lessened	the	number	of	dissenters.
But	the	relief	of	having	escaped	the	wrath	of	the	dragons	did	not	last	long.
For	 around	 the	 same	 time	 that	 their	 attacks	 relented,	 extreme	 weather
phenomena	began	occurring	all	over	the	world.
I	don’t	know	if	“extreme	weather”	is	the	correct	way	to	describe	it,	since	the
changes	were	too	extreme	to	be	summarized	with	such	a	simple	phrase.
The	 ground	 cracked	 open,	 oceans	 began	 to	 dry	 up,	 and	 the	 sky	 lost	 its
Page 158
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 165 (PDF index) ---
blueness.
It	was	as	if	the	world	was	ending.
And	indeed,	that	really	was	the	beginning	of	the	end.
“President	 Dustin	 of	 Daztrudia	 is	 about	 to	 begin	 a	 press	 conference.	 We	 will
now	cut	to	a	live	broadcast	from	the	scene.”
“Good	 morning,	 citizens.	 Without	 further	 ado,	 let	 us	 first	 discuss	 what
information	we	have	gathered	about	the	attack	by	the	dragons.	The	nations	and
territories	 attacked	 cover	 such	 a	 wide	 range	 that	 it	 would	 take	 far	 too	 long	 to
name	them	all	at	this	time.	Our	nation’s	troops	have	been	dispatched	to	the	sites
of	 the	 attacks,	 but	 we	 still	 do	 not	 have	 a	 full	 grasp	 of	 the	 total	 casualties.	 We
also	 attempted	 to	 scout	 the	 dragons’	 territory	 to	 assess	 their	 strength,	 but	 the
dragons	were	 nowhere	to	 be	seen.	My	 subordinates	are	 currently	 investigating
where	they	have	disappeared	to;	however,	there	have	been	eyewitness	reports	on
site	 of	 lights	 disappearing	 into	 the	 distant	 skies.	 Our	 current	 theory	 is	 that	 the
dragons	have	taken	off	into	silence.
“Silence,	please!	As	for	the	reason	the	dragons	attacked,	it	is	safe	to	assume
that	it	is	because	we	did	not	heed	their	repeated	warnings	regarding	the	use	of
MA	 energy.	 The	 dragons	 consistently	 informed	 us	 that	 MA	 energy	 is	 the	 life
force	 of	 the	 planet	 on	 which	 we	 live,	 and	 squeezing	 it	 out	 would	 weaken	 the
planet.	Thus,	they	asked	us	many	times	to	stop	using	MA	energy,	but	as	we	all
know,	many	nations	refused	and	continued	to	endorse	its	use.
“Silence!	 I	 am	 not	 trying	 to	 place	 the	 blame	 on	 any	 specific	 nation!	 I	 am
simply	 sharing	 the	 information	 we	 know!	 Yes,	 it’s	 true!	 The	 reason	 for	 these
abnormalities	 that	 have	 occurred	 since	 the	 dragons	 left	 is	 that	 the	 planet	 is
weakening…	No,	it	is	heading	toward	destruction!”
The	rest	of	President	Dustin	of	Daztrudia’s	press	conference	fell	into	chaos.
People	shouted	and	jeered,	and	some	reporters	even	tried	to	push	closer	to	the
president	 to	 hound	 him	 for	 answers,	 leading	 the	 security	 guards	 to	 hold	 them
back,	and	turning	the	press	conference	room	into	a	riot.
The	footage	ended	abruptly	with	a	shot	of	the	president	being	escorted	out	by
his	security	guards.
I	imagine	most	people	could	not	accept	what	he	said	at	that	press	conference.
After	all,	many	nations	were	already	completely	dependent	on	MA	energy.
There	were	some	exceptions	like	President	Dustin’s	nation	of	Daztrudia,	but
even	they	could	not	completely	control	the	illicit	use	of	MA	energy	within	their
borders.
Page 159
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 166 (PDF index) ---
Not	 to	 mention	 that	 those	 nations	 that	 forbade	 the	 use	 of	 MA	 energy	 still
could	not	stop	trading	with	those	that	did	use	it.
The	products	they	imported	were	manufactured	using	MA	energy.
In	 other	 words,	 every	 nation	 benefited	 from	 MA	 energy	 in	 some	 way	 or
another.
Our	orphanage	too	was	built	in	Daztrudia,	where	the	use	of	MA	energy	was
forbidden,	 but	 I’m	 sure	 we	 still	 benefited	 from	 it	 in	 some	 small	 way	 from
imported	products	and	such.
The	dragons	hadn’t	suddenly	turned	violent.
It	was	humanity’s	fault	all	along.
But	there	were	few	humans	who	were	willing	to	admit	that.
Other	 nations	 held	 press	 conferences	 specifically	 to	 assert	 that	 President
Dustin’s	claims	were	nonsense,	or	to	try	to	place	the	blame	on	other	nations	or
the	dragons	in	general.
But	 whether	 they	 admitted	 it	 or	 not,	 they	 couldn’t	 stop	 the	 world	 from
heading	toward	destruction.
Even	as	people	tried	to	ignore	reality	or	point	fingers	at	one	another,	the	end
of	the	world	was	growing	closer	by	the	second.
The	world	grew	less	safe.
No,	I	suppose	that’s	putting	it	lightly.
As	 they	 realized	 the	 world	 was	 going	 to	 end,	 most	 people’s	 actions	 took	 a
drastic	turn.
Many	 of	 them	 decided	 to	 use	 what	 little	 time	 they	 had	 left	 doing	 whatever
they	pleased,	and	the	world	essentially	became	lawless.
Riots,	injuries,	thefts,	suicides…
Even	the	police,	who	were	supposed	to	prevent	such	things,	were	often	found
participating	in	the	chaos	instead.
It	wasn’t	exactly	quiet	around	the	orphanage,	either.
When	 something	 bad	 is	 happening,	 evidently	 it’s	 human	 nature	 to	 want	 to
blame	it	on	someone	else	and	take	it	out	on	them.
And	as	it	turned	out,	the	chimeras	of	the	orphanage	were	seen	as	the	perfect
targets.
“It’s	all	because	of	them!”	“If	it	weren’t	for	those	freaks…”
There	was	no	real	logic	behind	it.
It	was	just	that	we	were	different	from	them,	and	that	was	reason	enough	to
consider	us	unlucky,	and	justify	violence	against	us.
Page 160
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 167 (PDF index) ---
Fortunately,	we	didn’t	have	huge	throngs	of	people	forming	a	violent	mob	to
come	after	us.
But	people	did	throw	rocks	at	us,	or	even	shoot	at	us,	on	several	occasions.
I	 imagine	 they	 didn’t	 attack	 us	 directly	 because	 they	 were	 still	 somewhat
afraid	of	us	chimeras,	and	because	of	the	existence	of	Lady	Sariel.
It	 was	 well-known	 that	 Lady	 Sariel	 had	 driven	 away	 the	 dragons,	 and
everyone	who	lived	nearby	was	aware	that	Lady	Sariel	managed	the	orphanage,
too.
So	 the	 good	 people	 who	 were	 grateful	 to	 Lady	 Sariel	 would	 never	 think	 of
laying	a	hand	on	the	orphanage.
I	suppose	the	fact	that	we	were	shot	at	anyway	is	proof	that	not	all	people	in
the	world	are	good.
Normally,	 we	 would	 depend	 on	 Gülie	 to	 defend	 us	 at	 such	 times,	 but
unfortunately	he	disappeared	not	long	after	the	news	broke	that	Lady	Sariel	had
stopped	the	dragons’	attack.
At	the	time,	I	sulked	that	he	wasn’t	there	when	we	needed	him	most,	but	later
I	learned	that	he	was	desperately	trying	to	save	Lady	Sariel	then.
There	is	far	too	much	that	I	only	learned	after	the	fact.
Back	 then,	 I	 was	 always	 so	 powerless,	 so	 ignorant,	 nothing	 more	 than
baggage…
At	any	rate,	we	couldn’t	depend	on	Gülie	to	save	us.
We	 holed	 up	 in	 the	 orphanage	 and	 managed	 to	 survive,	 but	 we	 did	 discuss
strategies	for	the	worst-case	scenario.
Our	intention	was	only	to	try	to	escape,	not	to	fight	anyone.
Aside	from	a	few	exceptions	like	me,	most	chimeras	are	very	powerful.
Even	 if	 our	 opponents	 were	 armed,	 we	 were	 fairly	 confident	 that	 we	 could
still	charge	head-on	and	escape	intact.
We	 even	 had	 a	 large	 vehicle	 that	 could	 fit	 everyone,	 which	 one	 of	 our
number	drove	in	when	they	returned	after	the	dragon	attacks.
I	had	scoffed	at	the	time,	wondering	why	they	would	bring	such	a	ridiculous
vehicle,	but	maybe	they’d	anticipated	that	something	like	this	might	happen.
In	other	words,	they	had	foresight	that	I	lacked.
I	still	remember	feeling	embarrassed	for	how	I’d	scoffed	at	it	before.
Those	oddly	tension-filled	days	continued	for	a	while.
We	had	no	idea	when	something	might	explode.
It	 could	 be	 one	 of	 the	 nearby	 residents,	 or	 one	 of	 us,	 or	 perhaps	 even	 the
world	itself	would	be	the	first	to	go.
Page 161
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 168 (PDF index) ---
But	something	else	changed	instead.
“We’re	going	to	go	see	Lady	Sariel.”
One	 of	 the	 orphanage	 residents,	 a	 boy	 who	 was	 almost	 as	 sickly	 as	 me,
suddenly	made	that	declaration.
He	was	physically	incapable	of	sleep,	which	meant	that	there	were	permanent
dark	circles	hanging	under	his	eyes,	and	a	general	lack	of	energy	about	him.
But	 something	 unusual	 was	 secreted	 in	 his	 brain,	 and	 he	 could	 never	 settle
down	unless	he	was	doing	something.
Although	he	constantly	declared	that	he	didn’t	want	to	do	anything,	by	nature
he	always	had	to	be	doing	something.
He	was	usually	holed	up	in	his	room	doing	some	kind	of	activity,	so	it	was
unusual	for	him	to	say	he	was	going	out.
In	fact,	this	might	have	been	the	first	time.
Normally	his	eyes	looked	glazed	over,	but	this	time	they	were	blazing	bright.
The	others	seemed	to	be	just	as	taken	aback	by	this	as	I	was,	and	soon,	we	all
loaded	into	the	big	car	and	headed	out.
Since	time	was	of	the	essence,	he	said	he	would	explain	on	the	way.
We	planned	to	use	the	car	to	escape	if	the	time	came,	but	no	one	attacked	as
we	drove	away.
There	was	plenty	of	time	to	talk	on	the	journey.
Daztrudia	was	an	entire	continent	functioning	together	as	one	nation.
It	was	enormous,	and	took	a	long	time	to	travel	across,	which	meant	we	had
all	the	more	time	for	talking.
But	in	fact,	very	little	of	that	time	was	spent	on	the	explanation.
All	 he	 told	 us	 on	 the	 way	 was	 simply,	 “Lady	 Sariel	 is	 trying	 to	 sacrifice
herself	to	get	the	world	out	of	this	situation.”
Of	 course,	 he	 also	 explained	 her	 actions	 and	 reasons,	 how	 she	 intended	 to
accomplish	this,	and	so	on,	but	that	wasn’t	important	to	the	rest	of	us.
When	we	heard	that	Lady	Sariel	wanted	to	sacrifice	herself,	that	was	all	we
needed	to	know.
We	hardly	even	questioned	how	he	knew	all	this.
He	was	always	up	to	something	strange	in	his	room,	so	we	just	assumed	he’d
acquired	this	information	through	some	dubious	means	as	an	extension	of	that.
But	while	little	time	was	spent	on	the	explanation,	the	conversation	that	took
place	within	the	car	afterward	was	very	long	indeed.
“We	have	to	stop	Lady	Sariel.”
“And	then	what	would	we	do?”
Page 162
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 169 (PDF index) ---
We	all	felt	the	same	way	on	an	emotional	level.
We	didn’t	want	Lady	Sariel	to	sacrifice	herself.
But	if	she	didn’t,	the	world	would	end.
“What,	 so	 you	 want	 to	 sacrifice	 Lady	 Sariel	 so	 you	 can	 keep	 living	 your
precious	life?!”
“Of	 course	 not!	 But	 Lady	 Sariel	 chose	 this	 path	 herself,	 didn’t	 she?!	 What
right	do	we	have	to	stop	her,	huh?!”
It	was	pandemonium.
I	had	already	accepted	that	I	wouldn’t	live	for	much	longer.
My	 death	 might	 come	 a	 little	 sooner	 than	 expected,	 but	 I	 was	 prepared	 for
that.
…If	it	were	just	me,	that	is.
I	didn’t	care	if	I	died.
But	if	everyone	else	from	the	orphanage	was	going	to	die,	too?
Even	if	there	was	a	way	to	prevent	that?
I	wanted	the	others	to	live.
And	 when	 I	 considered	 that	 Lady	 Sariel	 might	 feel	 the	 same	 way,	 well,	 it
didn’t	seem	right	to	stop	her…
But	 it	 was	 still	 hard	 to	 accept	 the	 idea	 of	 her	 sacrificing	 herself	 because	 of
that…
I	think	the	others	all	had	similar	thoughts	to	mine,	too.
In	the	end,	there	was	no	right	answer.
So	 opinions	 clashed,	 with	 none	 being	 in	 the	 wrong,	 unable	 to	 meet	 in	 the
middle…
“Enough	already,	you	kids!	Stop	throwing	pathetic	little	tantrums!”
The	director	put	a	stop	to	all	this	with	a	single	shout.
“What	good	is	babbling	at	one	another	about	it	going	to	do?	No	matter	what
you	 kids	 say,	 it	 all	 comes	 down	 to	 Lady	 Sariel’s	 decision.	 If	 you’ve	 got
something	to	say	to	her,	you	better	go	say	it	to	her	face!”
She	was	right,	of	course.
In	the	end,	we	were	still	just	powerless	kids,	and	none	of	our	arguments	could
make	a	bit	of	difference.
The	director’s	rebuke	stopped	the	fighting,	and	for	a	while	after	that,	the	car
was	almost	eerily	silent.
But	 there	 was	 still	 a	 long	 way	 left	 to	 travel.	 Eventually,	 we	 couldn’t	 help
talking	quietly	among	ourselves.
From	incoherent	rambling	to	deep	discussions	about	the	future,	I	feel	certain
Page 163
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 170 (PDF index) ---
that	we	talked	about	many	things,	but	I	can’t	remember	any	of	the	specifics.
Most	 likely,	 it’s	 because	 my	 mind	 was	 churning	 with	 too	 many	 thoughts	 to
fully	pay	attention.
I	don’t	remember	the	details	of	those	thoughts,	either.
Perhaps	that’s	only	natural	since	I	couldn’t	make	sense	of	any	of	it	myself.
But	there	is	just	one	thought	that	I	remember	quite	clearly.
Namely,	that	I	had	to	give	Lady	Sariel	the	handkerchief	when	I	saw	her.
A	 variety	 of	 issues	 had	 delayed	 the	 completion	 of	 my	 embroidered
handkerchiefs,	 but	 I	 finally	 managed	 to	 finish	 one	 for	 every	 member	 of	 the
orphanage.
I	 didn’t	 know	 what	 would	 happen	 after	 this,	 but	 I	 had	 a	 feeling	 that	 either
way,	I	needed	to	give	Lady	Sariel	the	handkerchief	this	time	or	I	would	never	get
the	chance	again.
And	that	premonition	proved	all	too	accurate.
Finally,	 we	 arrived	 at	 what	 was	 essentially	 the	 center	 of	 the	 Daztrudian
government:	the	executive	office.
Somehow,	 we	 were	 allowed	 in	 easily,	 even	 though	 ordinary	 citizens	 are
banned	from	entering.
I	still	don’t	know	how	we	managed	to	get	permission,	even	now.
But	we	didn’t	question	it	at	the	time,	since	it	meant	we	could	meet	with	Lady
Sariel	as	we	hoped.
Yes,	we	successfully	saw	Lady	Sariel.
“I	am	glad	you	all	seem	to	be	in	good	health.”
That	was	the	first	thing	she	said	to	us	after	all	this	time.
It	was	 a	slightly	 off-the-mark	 statement,	completely	 oblivious	to	 how	 much
we	had	worried,	and	utterly	typical	of	Lady	Sariel.
After	that,	we	spoke	with	her	for	as	long	as	time	would	allow.
We	tried	to	convince	her	to	rethink	her	decision.
But	Lady	Sariel’s	position	was	firm.
“It	is	part	of	my	mission.”
In	the	end,	we	couldn’t	change	her	mind	at	all.	No	matter	what	we	said,	she
always	shot	us	down	with	that	same	statement.
When	 we	 realized	 there	 would	 be	 no	 talking	 her	 out	 of	 it,	 the	 conversation
naturally	shifted	toward	reminiscing	instead.
The	nights	right	after	she	took	us	in,	when	we	couldn’t	sleep	and	all	gathered
together	to	get	Lady	Sariel	to	read	us	stories.
Page 164
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 171 (PDF index) ---
The	way	that	when	a	child	was	struck	with	terrifying	flashbacks	to	the	trauma
of	Potimas’s	experiments,	Lady	Sariel	would	hold	them	and	gently	stroke	their
head	for	as	long	as	it	took	until	the	shaking	subsided.
The	days	when	Lady	Sariel	would	teach	our	classes	because	we	couldn’t	go
to	school.
That	dinner	when	a	kid	was	served	a	food	they	hated	and	tried	to	push	it	off
onto	the	child	next	to	them,	only	to	be	caught	by	Lady	Sariel	and	have	the	food
shoved	 into	 their	 mouth	 as	 she	 informed	 them,	 “It	 is	 not	 good	 to	 be	 a	 picky
eater.”	 (Incidentally,	 that	 just	 made	 the	 child	 in	 question	 hate	 that	 food	 even
more.)
Then	 there	 was	 the	 time	 when	 flipping	 girls’	 skirts	 was	 a	 popular	 pastime
among	 the	 boys,	 until	 Lady	 Sariel	 confiscated	 all	 the	 boys’	 pants	 and	 forced
them	to	spend	the	day	in	their	underwear.	There	was	no	more	skirt-flipping	after
that.
Around	 the	 period	 when	 we	 were	 growing	 out	 of	 our	 early	 childhood	 and
entering	puberty,	Lady	Sariel	made	us	watch	adult	videos	in	the	name	of	health
education	 without	 an	 ounce	 of	 shame.	 As	 she	 blandly	 explained	 the	 nature	 of
sexual	relationships,	the	director	burst	into	the	classroom,	yelling,	“What	are	you
showing	these	kids?!”	Lady	Sariel	was	subjected	to	a	lengthy	lecture	of	her	own
after	that.
Since	 none	 of	 us	 knew	 when	 we	 were	 born,	 we	 all	 celebrated	 the	 day	 the
orphanage	was	opened	as	our	birthdays.	Each	year,	the	entire	day	was	a	lavish
party.	Lady	Sariel	gave	every	single	child	a	present.
When	 we	 needed	 advice	 about	 romance	 and	 such,	 we	 went	 to	 the	 director,
not	Lady	Sariel.	After	all,	Lady	Sariel	was	of	little	help	when	it	came	to	matters
of	the	heart.	But	she	still	always	seemed	a	little	sulky	when	she	wasn’t	consulted
about	these	things.
We	 all	 had	 plenty	 of	 good	 memories,	 difficult	 memories,	 and	 embarrassing
memories.
But	we	never	ran	out	of	memories	to	talk	about.
Lady	Sariel	had	always	been	a	part	of	our	lives.
She	was	the	person	who	saved	us	from	Potimas’s	experiments	and	made	us
from	test	subjects	into	real	humans.
For	 all	 of	 us,	 talking	 about	 our	 memories	 of	 Lady	 Sariel	 was	 virtually	 the
same	thing	as	talking	about	our	entire	lives.
So	of	course	we	didn’t	run	out	of	things	to	talk	about.
“…It	is	almost	time.”
Page 165
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 172 (PDF index) ---
Just	like	that,	we	were	out	of	time.
The	time	had	come	to	say	goodbye.
“Lady	Sariel,	here.”
As	this	would	be	my	last	chance,	I	gave	out	the	handkerchiefs	I	made.
First,	to	Lady	Sariel,	then	to	everyone	else	from	the	orphanage.
I	thought	that	if	she	knew	everyone	had	the	handkerchiefs	I	gave	them,	then
she	would	feel	we	were	always	by	her	side.
I	still	don’t	know	if	my	feelings	got	through	to	her.
Lady	Sariel	was	always	a	little	clueless	about	people’s	feelings.
But	I	still	want	to	believe	that	she	understood…
“All	of	you.	Please,	live	happy	lives.	Happy,	but	peaceful.”
Those	were	Lady	Sariel’s	last	words	to	us.
But	how	can	we	be	happy	if	you’re	no	longer	here?
I’m	sure	I’m	not	the	only	one	who	had	that	thought.
But	Lady	Sariel	left,	without	looking	back.
Once	she	was	completely	out	of	sight,	and	we	were	alone,	we	started	crying.
Maybe	I	was	the	first	one	to	burst	into	tears,	or	maybe	it	was	someone	else.
We	all	sobbed	like	children,	to	the	point	where	it	was	impossible	to	tell	who
started	first.
Either	way,	we	just	kept	on	crying.
“Humans.	Can	you	hear	me?”
As	we	continued	crying,	a	voice	suddenly	spoke	directly	in	our	heads.
It	was	the	familiar	voice	of	Gülie.
“My	name	is	Güliedistodiez.	As	some	of	you	may	have	noticed,	as	of	this	very
moment,	the	world	has	changed.”
We	were	all	sobbing	to	the	point	where	we	were	barely	aware	of	what	was
happening,	but	unbeknownst	to	us,	the	entire	world	had	just	been	altered.
“From	now	on,	this	planet	will	be	managed	by	the	new	system.	And	I	will	be
an	administrator	of	that	system.”
Yes,	in	that	moment,	the	system	was	constructed.
“As	 you	 all	 know,	 this	 planet	 is	 at	 the	 end	 of	 its	 life	 due	 to	 the	 foolish
behavior	of	humans.”
But	at	the	time,	we	had	no	way	of	knowing	what	exactly	that	meant.
“You	are	attempting	to	sacrifice	Sariel	to	restore	the	planet	to	life.	In	other
words,	 the	 plan	 is	 to	 resolve	 the	 problem	 you	 yourselves	 caused	 by	 sacrificing
someone	else.”
Page 166
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 173 (PDF index) ---
While	 we	 were	 traveling	 in	 the	 car,	 we	 had	 no	 access	 to	 the	 news,	 but
evidently	 President	 Dustin	 had	 announced	 that	 they	 would	 be	 sacrificing	 Lady
Sariel	to	save	the	planet.
And	that	very	day	was	when	this	plan	was	put	into	action.
I	only	learned	later	that	President	Dustin	took	care	to	avoid	our	seeing	Lady
Sariel’s	final	moments.
Evidently,	 he	 questioned	 whether	 to	 allow	 us	 to	 stay	 by	 her	 side,	 but
ultimately	 determined	 it	 would	 be	 too	 cruel	 to	 allow	 us	 children	 to	 witness	 the
death	of	our	parental	figure.
“Do	 you	 not	 think	 that	 humans	 should	 be	 the	 ones	 to	 atone	 for	 their	 own
crimes?”
At	the	time,	we	had	no	way	of	knowing	any	of	that	information,	nor	any	idea
why	we	were	hearing	Gülie’s	voice	in	our	heads.
“So	 we	 have	 decided	 to	 give	 you	 humans	 a	 chance.	 The	 system	 that	 will
overrule	this	planet	is	a	means	to	that	end.”
But	as	we	listened	to	Gülie’s	explanation,	the	reason	became	clear.
“We	 will	 have	 you	 humans	 fight.	 By	 doing	 so,	 you	 can	 now	 increase	 the
energy	 of	 your	 souls.	 You	 will	 become	 machines	 for	 fighting,	 winning,	 and
gaining	energy.	And	when	you	die,	we	will	recover	the	energy	you	have	earned,
and	assign	that	energy	to	heal	the	planet.”
That	was	the	explanation	of	how	the	system	works.
“However,	that	alone	would	end	once	you	have	died.	So	as	long	as	you	are
within	 this	 system,	 we	 have	 made	 it	 so	 that	 you	 will	 be	 reborn	 here	 on	 this
planet.	 After	 you	 die,	 you	 will	 eventually	 live	 again,	 and	 you	 will	 fight	 and
accumulate	energy	once	more.”
Fight,	die,	be	reborn,	fight,	and	die	again…
Exhausted	from	crying,	we	could	scarcely	wrap	our	minds	around	this	hellish
system.
“Right	now,	this	planet	is	being	kept	from	destruction	by	Sariel’s	power.	You
attempted	 to	 sacrifice	 Sariel,	 but	 now	 you	 must	 save	 her.	 You	 yourselves	 will
carry	out	the	role	you	attempted	to	force	upon	her.	Simple,	is	it	not?”
But	the	command	to	“save	Sariel”	stuck	out	in	our	minds.
There	was	a	way	to	save	Lady	Sariel.
That	was	like	a	beacon	of	hope	to	us.
“This	is	your	sin,	humans.	Atone.	Atone.	Atone.	Atone.	Atone.	Atone.	Atone.
Atone.	Atone.	Atone.”
To	humanity,	that	voice	must	have	been	a	painful	reminder	of	their	sins,	one
Page 167
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 174 (PDF index) ---
that	made	them	want	to	cover	their	ears.
“Fight.	Fight.	Fight.	Fight.	Fight.	Fight.	Fight.	Fight.	Fight.	Fight.	And	then
die.”
But	to	us,	it	was	like	a	song	of	salvation.
From	that	day	forward,	our	fight	began.
The	fight	to	save	Lady	Sariel.
A	very,	very	long	fight.
…It	has	been	a	long,	long,	terribly	cruel	fight	indeed.
“Ah!”
Suddenly,	my	eyes	flash	open.
I	lost	consciousness	for	a	moment	there.
…Oops,	that’s	not	good.
Did	my	life	just	flash	before	my	eyes?
“Whoa?!	That	was	close!”
Just	as	I	regain	consciousness,	I	avoid	an	attack	flying	toward	me.
That	was	far	too	close.
I	almost	went	from	flashback	mode	straight	into	death.
But	I	can’t	die.	Not	yet.
I	take	a	quick	backstep	to	put	distance	between	myself	and	my	opponent.
Luckily,	my	opponent	doesn’t	try	to	chase	me.
Once	I’m	at	a	safe	distance,	I	catch	my	breath.
Touching	my	head	lightly,	I	feel	something	wet	and	sticky.
A	fair	amount	of	blood	is	trickling	from	my	head.
I	focus	on	it,	and	begin	healing	that	wound.
This	must	be	why	I	passed	out	for	a	second	there.
Then	I	focus	on	my	enemy	again.
It’s	a	simple,	humanoid	hunk	of	metal.
It	would	almost	look	like	an	overly	simplified,	life-size,	ball-jointed	doll,	if	it
weren’t	for	the	fact	that	its	arms	both	end	in	drills.
Frankly,	at	a	glance,	it	sure	doesn’t	look	like	Potimas’s	ultimate	weapon.
But	that’s	exactly	what	it	is.
Gloria,	Type	Ω.
That’s	apparently	this	thing’s	name.
Potimas	made	a	point	of	telling	me	before	the	fight.
This	“Omega”	thing	abruptly	vanishes.
Page 168
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 175 (PDF index) ---
I	shouldn’t	have	taken	my	eyes	off	it.
In	fact,	I	swear	I’ve	been	focusing	on	it	without	even	blinking.
Yet	I’ve	somehow	lost	sight	of	the	thing.
Instantly,	I	trust	my	instincts	and	dive	to	one	side.
A	moment	later,	my	instincts	are	proven	spot-on,	as	the	Omega’s	drill	comes
flying	in	from	the	opposite	direction.
If	I’d	dodged	even	a	nanosecond	later,	I	would’ve	been	on	the	receiving	end
of	that	drill.
My	heart	threatens	to	pound	out	of	my	chest.
“You	bastard!”
I	swing	my	leg	to	hit	it	with	a	counterattack,	but	my	kick	slices	through	thin
air.
By	the	time	I	moved	to	strike,	the	Omega	was	already	out	of	my	attack	range.
“…Not	bad.”
In	spite	of	myself,	I	mutter	something	that	sounds	too	much	like	an	admission
of	defeat.
But	I	can’t	help	it—I	have	to	acknowledge	it.
How	 long	 has	 it	 been	 since	 something	 moved	 faster	 than	 my	 eyes	 could
follow?
It’s	not	that	I	underestimated	it	because	of	its	appearance.
…Okay,	I	can’t	say	that	I	didn’t	at	least	consider	it,	but	Potimas	did	bother	to
tell	me	its	name	and	all.
So	I	knew	it	wasn’t	an	enemy	I	could	take	lightly.
And	 yet,	 the	 Omega’s	 first	 attack	 moved	 faster	 than	 I	 could	 follow,	 and	 hit
me	squarely	in	the	head.
Then	I	had	to	watch	my	whole	damn	life	flash	before	my	eyes…
The	Omega’s	speed	is	abnormal,	to	say	the	least.
It’s	probably	on	the	same	level	as	me	at	my	best,	or	maybe	even	faster.
I’m	not	saying	that	to	be	a	sore	loser	or	anything.
But	unfortunately,	right	now,	I’m	a	whole	lot	weaker	than	I	should	be.
It’s	that	damn	anti-technique	barrier.
Potimas’s	special	barrier	is	stretched	over	this	whole	area.
Obviously,	he	had	this	Omega	here	lying	in	wait	for	me.
Of	course	it	was	a	trap.
This	is	Potimas’s	kill	zone,	and	I	walked	right	into	it.
But	I	knew	that	going	in,	of	course.
I	don’t	just	want	to	defeat	Potimas.
Page 169
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 176 (PDF index) ---
I	want	to	crush	all	of	his	forces,	traps	and	ultimate	weapons	alike,	and	plunge
him	into	despair	before	he	dies.
That’s	why	I	jumped	right	in	knowing	full	well	that	this	was	a	trap,	but	I	kind
of	regret	that	now.
Page 170
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 177 (PDF index) ---
Page 171
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 178 (PDF index) ---
This	Omega	thing	is	easily	as	strong	as	I	am	in	my	prime,	if	not	stronger.
I’m	 totally	 confident	 that	 I	 could	 crush	 most	 enemies	 even	 within	 the	 anti-
technique	barrier,	but	this	one	might	be	a	tall	order.
It	looks	like	it’d	be	weak,	but	it’s	crazy	powerful.
…No,	I	guess	that’s	not	right.
Its	 simple	 appearance	 is	 because	 it’s	 pared	 away	 anything	 that	 isn’t
absolutely	necessary.
This	 thing	 has	 been	 built	 with	 performance	 as	 the	 sole	 deciding	 factor,
nothing	as	mundane	as	whether	it	looks	cool	or	not.
It’s	a	masterpiece	by	a	man	who	normally	seems	like	the	type	to	worry	about
aesthetics,	focused	solely	on	power.
No	wonder	it’s	so	strong.
Knowing	that,	I	alter	my	approach.
This	isn’t	a	challenge	I	can	take	on	half-assed.
Yes,	I’ll	admit	it’s	a	challenge.
I’m	the	weaker	one	here.
I	have	to	fight	it	with	that	perspective	in	mind.
Really,	 how	 long	 has	 it	 been	 since	 I	 fought	 something	 that	 was	 out	 of	 my
league?
I	honestly	can’t	remember.
So	much	time	has	passed	since	I	was	at	a	disadvantage	in	a	fight	that	I	can’t
even	tell	you	when	it	last	happened.
And	to	think	I	used	to	be	so	weak	and	powerless	back	then.
But	I’m	not	that	powerless	little	kid	anymore!
I	step	forward	with	renewed	resolve.
It’d	be	bad	news	to	let	the	Omega	set	the	pace	with	its	crazy	speed.
Because	of	the	anti-technique	barrier,	the	only	abilities	that	will	function	are
the	ones	that	activate	inside	my	body.
That	 means	 skills	 that	 activate	 outside	 my	 body,	 like	 long-distance	 attacks,
won’t	work	at	all.
I	can’t	use	magic	or	thread.
So	my	only	remaining	option	is	close	physical	combat.
Basically,	 if	 I	 want	 to	 negate	 the	 Omega’s	 speed	 advantage	 and	 stand	 a
fighting	chance	despite	the	barrier,	I’ve	got	to	stick	close	to	it.
“Hiyah!”
I	throw	a	punch	at	the	Omega,	which	is	crouched	and	waiting	for	me.
The	Omega	dodges	my	punch	easily,	swirling	to	the	side.
Page 172
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 179 (PDF index) ---
But	I	saw	that	coming.
I	follow	after	it	with	a	volley	of	rapid	punches.
It’s	a	nonstop	barrage,	too	quick	for	the	Omega	to	counter!
But	 it	 sees	 through	 all	 that,	 too,	 lunges	 toward	 my	 side	 when	 my	 guard	 is
down	for	a	fraction	of	a	second,	and	drives	its	drill	into	my	stomach.
“Nngh?!”
The	drill	blade	spins,	paring	away	my	flesh.
I	know	I	have	to	stay	close,	but	in	this	case	I	have	no	choice	but	to	back	off.
I	jump	away	to	escape	from	the	drill.
Owww…	 I	 guess	 Suffering	 Nullification	 isn’t	 working	 because	 of	 the	 anti-
technique	barrier,	huh…
My	breath	grows	ragged.
But	 even	 when	 I	 try	 to	 breathe	 steadily	 in	 and	 out,	 it	 doesn’t	 get	 any	 less
painful.
In	fact,	each	gulp	of	air	makes	me	feel	even	worse.
I	know	this	wound	is	deep,	but	no,	it’s	more	than	that…
This	must	be	poison.
The	 system	 is	 supposed	 to	 cancel	 out	 the	 effects	 of	 any	 scientifically
poisonous	 substance	 over	 a	 certain	 concentration,	 but	 knowing	 Potimas,	 I
wouldn’t	be	surprised	if	he	found	a	way	around	that.
I’m	in	trouble	now.
Poison,	on	top	of	the	anti-technique	barrier…?
I	can’t	believe	I’m	getting	screwed	over	by	one	of	my	own	specialties…
It’s	taking	much	longer	than	usual	to	heal	my	stomach	wound,	too.
Normally,	even	if	half	my	body	got	blown	away,	I’d	regenerate	in	seconds.
But	it’s	dangerous	to	fight	based	on	how	things	normally	go.
I	have	to	be	more	careful	than	usual	about	avoiding	getting	hit.
Since	I’ve	got	high	resistance	to	most	attributes,	I	guess	I’ve	been	starting	to
fall	out	of	the	habit	of	dodging	attacks…
Most	 things	 won’t	 damage	 me	 even	 if	 they	 do	 hit,	 and	 I	 can	 usually	 use
Gluttony	to	consume	anything	before	it	hits	me	anyway.
Even	getting	stronger	has	its	negative	effects…or	pride,	I	suppose.
When	 you	 fight	 someone	 stronger	 than	 you,	 it	 makes	 you	 realize	 all	 your
weaknesses,	much	like	I’m	doing	right	now.
It’s	been	a	long	time	since	I	felt	this	way.
So	maybe	I	should	try	something	I	wouldn’t	“normally”	do…	A	little	roll	of
the	dice,	for	instance.
Page 173
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 180 (PDF index) ---
Otherwise,	I	don’t	see	how	I’m	going	to	beat	this	thing.
The	Omega	charges	toward	me.
Head-on!
Its	speed	is	insane,	but	at	least	I’m	not	going	to	lose	sight	of	something	that’s
coming	straight	toward	me.
As	the	straightforward	drill	attack	charges	toward	me,	I	brace	myself	and	let
it	hit	me	in	the	chest.
“Aaaaah!”
A	huge	hole	opens	in	my	torso.
“Got…cha…”
But	in	exchange,	I	managed	to	grab	the	Omega’s	body	with	my	left	hand.
Then	I	clench	my	right	hand	tightly.
I’ll	put	everything	I’ve	got	into	this	one	attack!
A	critical	right	hook!
My	full-powered	punch	hits	the	Omega	square	in	the	face,	shattering	its	head,
and	blowing	away	its	upper	body	with	the	aftershocks,	too.
On	top	of	that,	even	most	of	its	lower	body	gets	scattered	by	the	impact.
“Well?	How	d’you	like	that?”
So	much	for	being	more	careful	to	avoid	getting	hit.
But	I	think	this	was	the	only	way	take	down	the	Omega.
If	 I	 kept	 staying	 away	 out	 of	 fear	 of	 getting	 hurt,	 I’d	 probably	 have	 been
outmaneuvered	 by	 the	 Omega’s	 speed	 and	 gone	 down	 without	 ever	 landing	 an
attack	of	my	own.
So	instead	I	let	myself	get	hit,	caught	the	Omega,	and	brought	it	down	in	one
blow.
A	short,	decisive	battle.
This	was	probably	the	best	way	to	conserve	energy.
I’m	deeply	wounded,	but	I’ll	heal	with	time.
It	 probably	 would	 consume	 more	 energy	 to	 try	 to	 accelerate	 the	 injury’s
recovery	rather	than	let	it	heal	gradually	over	time.
“I	hate	to	break	it	to	you,	but	it’s	not	over	yet.”
But	 just	 as	 I’m	 savoring	 a	 moment	 of	 victory,	 Potimas’s	 voice	 ruthlessly
interrupts.
The	shattered	pieces	of	the	Omega	flow	together	like	liquid	metal,	and	form
back	into	its	original	shape	in	a	matter	of	seconds.
“Round	two	is	just	beginning.”
As	I	stare	in	shock,	Potimas’s	amused	voice	echoes	around	me.
Page 174
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 181 (PDF index) ---
Then	the	Omega	charges	toward	me	again.
Page 175
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com