--- PAGE 182 (PDF index) ---
The	battle	between	humans	and	dragons	had	begun.
That	in	itself	was	no	surprise.
Humans	matter	little	more	to	dragons	than	garbage.
Intelligent	 life	 or	 not,	 from	 our	 perspective	 they	 are	 no	 different	 from	 any
other	animal.
Especially	once	they	continued	draining	the	planet’s	life	force	in	the	form	of
MA	energy,	ignoring	our	countless	warnings.
Inevitably,	 dragons	 came	 to	 see	 humans	 as	 parasites	 that	 were	 bleeding	 the
planet	dry.
So	of	course	they	felt	no	hesitation	about	exterminating	said	parasites.
Perhaps	it	would	be	different	if	humans	were	under	the	protection	of	dragons,
but	that	was	not	the	case	for	the	people	of	this	planet.
Yes,	 there	 were	 a	 handful	 of	 humans	 who	 worshiped	 dragons,	 but	 their
numbers	were	incredibly	small	compared	to	the	total	human	population.
Perhaps	there	was	some	intention	to	offer	those	few	worshippers	salvation	in
the	very	end,	but	unfortunately	that	never	came	to	pass.
At	the	time,	I	was	only	one	low-ranking	dragon,	in	no	position	to	be	privy	to
the	thoughts	of	the	elders.
I	 no	 longer	 have	 any	 way	 of	 knowing	 what	 the	 highest-ranking	 dragons
intended	for	the	future.
The	only	order	I	was	given	was	to	persuade	Sariel.
Dragons	 could	 no	 longer	 overlook	 the	 humans’	 actions,	 and	 would	 have	 to
exterminate	them.
Their	hope	was	that	Sariel	could	tolerate	those	actions.
That	is	what	I	was	meant	to	negotiate	with	her	about.
From	my	point	of	view,	there	was	no	way	that	would	ever	succeed.
They	 must	 have	 chosen	 me	 for	 the	 role	 because	 I	 was	 acquainted	 with	 her,
but	honestly,	I	was	far	from	enthused	about	the	notion.
Page 176
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 183 (PDF index) ---
Who	would	want	to	attempt	a	negotiation	knowing	it	would	fail?
Much	less	when	the	other	party	in	question	is	one	for	whom	I	had	unrequited
feelings?
…It	did	not	sit	well	with	me,	but	I	had	no	choice.
However,	it	is	a	mystery	to	me	what	the	elder	dragons	expected.
Did	they	think	the	negotiation	would	succeed,	or	did	they	know,	as	I	did,	that
it	would	fail?
I	have	no	idea.
Theoretically,	from	the	standpoint	of	an	average	dragon,	there	was	reason	to
believe	that	it	might	be	a	success.
Sariel’s	mission	was	to	preserve	the	native	species.
If	 the	 humans	 continued	 to	 use	 MA	 energy,	 the	 planet	 would	 inevitably	 be
destroyed.
Which	would	also	mean	the	end	of	any	native	species.
In	that	case,	it	was	conceivable	that	Sariel	would	agree	to	turn	a	blind	eye	to
the	dragons’	actions	long	enough	to	let	humans	be	exterminated.
Of	 course,	 that	 logic	 falls	 apart	 when	 one	 realizes	 that	 Sariel	 wanted	 to
protect	not	just	the	native	species,	but	humanity	in	particular.
It	is	possible	that	the	dragons	in	power	did	not	realize	this,	in	which	case	they
might	have	truly	hoped	that	the	negotiation	would	succeed.
But	what	if	they	knew	from	the	beginning	that	it	would	fail?
That	 would	 certainly	 explain	 why	 the	 attack	 on	 humanity	 had	 already
commenced	while	I	was	negotiating.
If	that	were	the	case,	then	my	role	as	“negotiator”	was	really	to	buy	time,	to
stay	Sariel’s	hand.
I	 would	 prefer	 not	 to	 believe	 that,	 since	 it	 would	 essentially	 make	 me	 a
sacrificial	pawn…
The	 fact	 remains	 that	 the	 attacks	 began	 while	 I	 was	 mid-negotiation,	 but	 it
is…theoretically	 possible…that	 they	 were	 simply	 overeager	 and	 assumed	 I
would	succeed…
…I	must	admit,	that	excuse	sounds	feeble	even	to	my	own	ears.
At	any	rate,	I	will	never	know	for	sure	what	the	elders	were	thinking,	because
I	did	not	rejoin	the	dragons	afterward.
Knowing	the	truth	now	would	make	no	difference	anyway.
As	 I	 expected,	 negotiations	 with	 Sariel	 broke	 down,	 and	 Sariel	 and	 the
dragons	did	battle.
That	is	all.
Page 177
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 184 (PDF index) ---
I	am	sure	the	battle	was	a	fierce	one.
I	cannot	say	for	sure,	as	I	was	not	there	to	witness	it.
But	Sariel	was	alone,	against	many	dragons.
A	single	dragon	is	more	than	enough	to	destroy	a	nation.
On	 the	 defensive,	 Sariel	 could	 certainly	 defeat	 an	 individual	 dragon,	 but	 in
the	meantime	the	other	dragons	could	wipe	out	the	nation	below.
The	 dragons	 trying	 to	 destroy	 humanity,	 and	 Sariel	 chasing	 the	 dragons	 to
destroy	them…
It	must	have	been	quite	a	deadly	game	of	cat	and	mouse.
Naturally,	the	battle	went	on	for	some	time.
Which	gave	the	humans	enough	time	to	start	defending	against	us.
I	am	sure	they	did	not	want	to	go	down	without	a	fight,	even	if	it	was	utterly
hopeless.
Just	the	other	day—no,	I	suppose	it	was	longer	than	that	from	a	human	point
of	view…
That	weapon	appeared	from	beneath	the	land	of	the	wind	dragon	Hyuvan,	the
one	that	was	designed	by	Potimas	and	built	by	some	nation	or	other.
It	was	made	by	humans	to	fight	against	us	dragons.
Of	course,	they	were	unable	to	finish	it	in	time	to	fight	us	in	the	end;	even	if
it	had	been	finished,	it	would	not	have	been	enough,	anyway.
The	human	armies	resisted	the	dragons’	attack,	of	course,	but	that	did	not	last
for	long.
But	we	made	a	miscalculation:	The	humans	stole	even	more	MA	energy	for
those	armies.
For	making	and	operating	their	weapons…
Truly	ironic,	that	a	battle	to	force	them	to	stop	using	MA	energy	would	result
in	the	use	of	even	more	MA	energy.
Worse	yet,	Potimas	was	behind	it,	selling	the	plans	for	these	weapons.
Even	 after	 he	 was	 made	 a	 wanted	 criminal,	 he	 was	 still	 sheltered	 as	 the
leading	expert	on	MA	energy.
He	must	not	have	wanted	for	places	to	hide;	I	am	sure	there	were	plenty	of
humans	who	were	desperate	for	the	fruits	of	his	research.
And	even	as	he	was	in	hiding,	he	still	devoted	himself	to	research,	living	his
life	as	he	pleased.
Why	did	I	leave	him	be	at	the	time?	There	is	little	that	I	regret	more.
When	 Foduey	 was	 caught	 up	 in	 Potimas’s	 plot	 and	 turned	 into	 a	 vampire,
when	 I	 grew	 to	 know	 the	 children	 of	 the	 orphanage	 and	 learned	 the	 depth	 of
Page 178
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 185 (PDF index) ---
Potimas’s	sinfulness…
If	only	I	had	given	in	to	the	impulse	to	hunt	him	down	and	destroy	him	on	the
spot…
At	 any	 rate,	 I	 doubt	 things	 would	 have	 gotten	 as	 complicated	 as	 they	 have
now.
I	 should	 not	 have	 rationalized	 that	 a	 human	 criminal	 should	 be	 judged	 by
human	hands,	and	other	such	convenient	excuses.
I	suppose	the	lesson	here	is	that	while	failure	is	often	the	result	of	acting	on
one’s	emotions	instead	of	listening	to	logic,	there	are	times	when	it	is	best	to	let
one’s	emotions	decide	instead.
But	of	course,	it	is	inevitably	easier	to	judge	these	things	after	the	fact,	and	in
most	cases	one	cannot	tell	at	the	time	what	will	be	for	the	best.
Still,	if	I	had	known,	I	would	have	killed	Potimas	right	away.
Even	now,	I	dearly	desire	to	kill	him.
But	that	role	is	not	for	me,	nor	do	I	have	the	right.
Though	it	feels	shameful,	I	cannot	refuse	to	leave	that	duty	to	another.
I	suppose	a	human	criminal	will	be	judged	by	human	hands	after	all.
Although	it	certainly	took	a	long	time	for	that	judgment	to	fall…
Well,	he	has	certainly	built	up	even	more	charges	in	the	meantime.
I	 am	 sure	 any	 punishment	 will	 be	 more	 than	 acceptable—at	 least,	 I	 will
gladly	accept	it.
She	should	savor	her	revenge	to	her	heart’s	satisfaction.
Thinking	 back,	 there	 have	 been	 many	 sins	 in	 this	 world,	 and	 all	 have	 been
carried	by	someone.
Individually,	the	people	who	live	in	this	world	have	probably	paid	off	a	fair
amount	of	their	penance	by	now,	although	Ariel	would	be	angry	to	hear	me	say
so.
Still,	I	feel	that	they	have	been	punished	more	than	fairly.
Think	of	it:	they	have	been	reincarnated	in	this	world	over	and	over,	unable
to	properly	return	to	the	cycle	of	death	and	rebirth,	the	power	of	their	souls	being
squeezed	dry	all	the	while.
They	themselves	are	not	aware	of	it,	since	they	do	not	retain	their	memories
from	 one	 life	 to	 the	 next,	 but	 it	 has	 certainly	 seemed	 a	 sufficient	 punishment
from	my	point	of	view.
At	 this	 point,	 their	 souls	 have	 been	 worn	 down	 to	 the	 point	 that	 even
reincarnating	is	becoming	dangerous	for	some	of	them.
The	 wear	 on	 the	 souls	 of	 the	 demons	 has	 been	 especially	 harsh;	 there	 were
Page 179
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 186 (PDF index) ---
already	so	few	of	them,	and	in	spite	of	their	long	lifespans,	their	cycle	of	death	is
hastened	by	the	constant	war	against	humanity.
Perhaps	 that	 is	 punishment	 for	 the	 sin	 of	 using	 so	 much	 MA	 energy	 in	 the
past	in	order	to	evolve,	but	when	I	see	their	race	driven	to	the	brink	of	extinction,
I	 cannot	 help	 but	 feel	 that	 perhaps	 they	 have	 suffered	 more	 than	 enough	 in
penance.
Even	for	humans,	it	is	not	as	if	all	of	them	were	in	thrall	to	MA	energy.
Many	of	them	were	simply	caught	up	in	this	world’s	problems	by	chance.
Dustin,	especially,	was	not	originally	in	such	a	position	that	he	should	blame
himself	so	harshly	as	he	does.
Certainly,	I	still	cannot	accept	his	final	decision.
But	the	fact	remains	that	it	was	the	only	choice	he	had.
When	I	think	of	it	that	way,	I	can’t	help	but	feel	that	he	drew	the	short	end	of
the	stick.
Yet	in	spite	of	that,	he	still	continues	to	blame	himself	for	drawing	it	as	if	it
were	of	his	own	volition	and	take	responsibility	accordingly,	which	is	honestly
rather	impressive.
Not	that	I	would	ever	say	this	to	his	face.
Of	course	not.
Even	if	I	do	think	him	impressive	in	a	way,	I	cannot	agree	with	the	direction
of	the	Word	of	God	religion.
That	is	another	story	entirely.
But	I	suppose	I	do	feel	a	bit	indebted	to	Dustin,	and	that	is	what	prevents	me
from	criticizing	his	final	choice	too	harshly.
I	 feel	 guilty	 because	 of	 what	 my	 fellow	 dragons	 did,	 even	 if	 I	 did	 not	 help
them	do	it.
That	feeling	is	all	the	stronger	because,	unlike	the	humans	of	this	world	who
have	been	atoning	for	their	sins	these	many	long	years,	the	dragons	did	not	stay
to	do	just	that.
Instead,	the	dragons	did	something	truly	unthinkable	in	the	final	hour.
Namely:	they	drew	out	the	last	drops	of	MA	energy	from	this	world,	and	ran
away	with	it.
What	 would	 happen	 if	 they	 did	 such	 a	 thing	 after	 the	 humans	 had	 already
spent	so	much	MA	energy?
The	answer	was	obvious:	The	world	would	end.
This	was	undoubtedly	the	beginning	of	the	end.
That	 is	 the	 real	 reason	 that	 the	 world	 suddenly	 started	 trending	 toward
Page 180
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 187 (PDF index) ---
destruction	so	rapidly	right	after	the	conclusion	of	the	battle	between	Sariel	and
the	dragons.
That	was	exactly	what	the	dragons	were	trying	to	do.
I	 am	 sure	 the	 humans	 who	 lived	 on	 this	 planet	 thought,	 How	 could	 the
dragons	do	such	a	thing?!
Even	I	felt	the	same	way.
But	from	the	perspective	of	the	dragons,	it	was	not	such	a	strange	notion.
It	 might	 seem	 irrational	 to	 humans,	 but	 to	 the	 dragons	 it	 was	 in	 fact	 a
perfectly	logical	conclusion.
Essentially,	the	dragons	wrote	this	world	off	as	hopeless.
Humans	would	not	want	to	stay	aboard	a	sinking	ship	for	long,	would	they?
No,	they	would	escape	from	the	ship	as	soon	as	possible.
And	 if	 there	 was	 any	 valuable	 luggage	 aboard,	 they	 would	 take	 as	 much	 as
they	could	carry.
Since	the	ship	was	sinking	anyway,	there	would	be	no	reason	not	to	take	it.
This	is	the	same	logic	the	dragons	followed.
There	 is	 another	 reason,	 too:	 They	 wanted	 to	 sink	 it	 themselves,	 to	 ensure
that	it	would	never	surface	again.
As	 far	 as	 the	 dragons	 were	 concerned,	 the	 humans	 of	 this	 world	 were	 pests
who	drove	their	own	planet	to	destruction,	heedless	of	the	many	warnings	they
were	given.
Naturally,	 they	 wanted	 to	 ensure	 that	 such	 vermin	 would	 not	 leave	 their
planet	and	infest	other	worlds.
The	dragons	sought	to	wipe	out	all	the	pests	at	once	so	they	would	not	have
to	worry	about	them	again.
Not	exactly	an	appealing	concept	to	the	humans	being	wiped	out,	I	am	sure,
but	that	is	the	truth	of	how	dragons	saw	humans.
They	were	reluctant	to	use	an	inhabitable	planet,	but	they	could	not	rule	the
place	anyway,	since	Sariel	was	already	there	when	they	arrived.
Since	the	planet	did	not	belong	to	dragons	to	begin	with,	it	was	not	a	difficult
decision	to	let	it	go.
In	 other	 words,	 they	 gave	 up	 on	 ruling	 the	 world	 and	 opted	 to	 destroy	 it
instead.
Though	putting	it	that	way	sounds	rather	harsh…
But	it	is	not	incorrect,	and	I	do	harbor	resentment	about	this	final	decision	of
the	dragons	myself,	so	I	do	not	care	to	amend	it.
Yes,	from	the	point	of	view	of	a	dragon,	it	was	the	correct	decision.
Page 181
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 188 (PDF index) ---
It	 had	 advantages	 for	 them,	 and	 no	 disadvantages:	 A	 planet	 they	 could	 not
rule	 was	 destroyed,	 and	 in	 exchange	 they	 gained	 what	 energy	 that	 planet	 had
left.
Cruel	as	it	sounds,	the	fact	that	all	of	the	humans	still	living	there	would	be
eradicated	was	also	an	advantage	as	far	as	the	dragons	were	concerned,	since	it
meant	that	vermin	had	been	exterminated.
They	had	no	pity	for	humans,	even	if	they	were	intelligent	life.
In	fact,	I	am	sure	the	fact	that	they	were	intelligent	made	it	even	harder	for
the	dragons	to	forgive	their	actions.
It	 was	 as	 if	 a	 child	 who	 never	 listened	 to	 warnings	 finally	 made	 a	 foolish
mistake	they	could	not	undo.
Could	you	blame	the	adults	for	being	angry	and	refusing	to	help	such	a	child?
…Whose	side	am	I	on,	you	ask?
Why,	I	am	on	Sariel’s	side,	of	course.
I	am	not	necessarily	on	the	side	of	the	humans.
Before	I	struck	out	on	my	own,	I	saw	humans	from	a	dragon’s	perspective.
I	too	was	angered	by	their	foolishness.
It	 was	 the	 dragons	 who	 pulled	 the	 final	 trigger	 on	 this	 world’s	 destruction,
but	humans	are	still	unmistakably	to	blame	for	paving	the	way	up	to	that	point.
So	 given	 a	 choice	 between	 humans	 and	 dragons,	 I	 will	 indeed	 defend	 the
dragons.
Though	I	cannot	say	that	I	am	truly	on	the	dragons’	side	anymore,	either…
I	was	indeed	an	unimportant	dragon	in	the	first	place.
I	am	lost	to	their	side	now,	but	I	will	admit	that	I	am	still	reluctant	to	speak	ill
of	the	race	into	which	I	was	born.
I	cannot	fully	forgive	them	for	taking	the	MA	energy	and	fleeing	in	the	end,
but	there	is	a	part	of	me	that	would	endorse	that	course	of	action	from	their	point
of	view.
Would	you	laugh	at	me	for	flip-flopping	between	sides?
…Yes,	I	suppose	you	are	right.
In	the	end,	I	was	never	able	to	make	a	firm	decision	one	way	or	another.
Even	now,	I	am	still	struggling	in	the	same	way,	am	I	not?
……
…You	could	at	least	attempt	to	reassure	me.
………Fine.
My	being	pathetic	is	far	from	a	recent	development.
I	know	that	much.
Page 182
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 189 (PDF index) ---
But	 it	 was	 still	 the	 most	 painful	 decision	 of	 a	 lifetime	 to	 go	 begging	 D	 for
help.
Even	 now,	 I	 myself	 am	 amazed	 that	 I	 had	 the	 nerve	 to	 do	 something	 so
drastic.
I	had	never	actually	met	D	in	person	before.
Of	course	not.	D	is	far	too	powerful	a	god.
Even	the	dragons,	who	have	a	great	deal	of	influence	among	all	gods,	refrain
from	clashing	with	that	one.
Did	not	the	dragons	also	refrain	from	clashing	with	Sariel,	you	ask?
Our	dealings	with	Sariel	and	D	were	very	different.
Yes,	Sariel	was	a	powerful	lost	angel,	and	the	dragons	were	reluctant	to	deal
with	her.
But	we	lived	in	the	same	world	and	hoped	we	might	be	able	to	win	her	over
to	our	side	over	a	long	period	of	time.
We	were	attempting	to	gradually	encircle	her,	not	refraining	from	interacting
whatsoever.
But	D	is	a	different	story	entirely.
We	would	never	even	go	near	that	one.
Do	 not	 touch,	 do	 not	 interact,	 and	 if	 she	 should	 ever	 approach	 you,	 flee
without	hesitation.
That	was	how	D	was	described	among	dragons.
For	such	prideful	creatures	as	us,	it	is	rare	indeed	to	make	such	a	statement.
That	should	tell	you	how	much	dragons	feared	D.
In	fact,	discussion	of	D	was	largely	considered	taboo	among	our	kind.
We	were	reluctant	to	even	speak	that	name.
Truth	 be	 told,	 some	 of	 the	 younger	 dragons	 did	 not	 even	 know	 of	 D’s
existence.
I	was	one	of	the	younger	dragons	myself,	but	I	was	only	made	aware	of	her
because	I	happened	to	excel	at	spatial	abilities.
These	spatial	abilities	allow	one	to	travel	anywhere	at	all,	which	is	precisely
why	those	who	can	use	them	must	be	informed	of	the	places	that	are	forbidden
to	tread.
And	of	course,	one	of	those	places	was	D’s	abode.
The	dragons	boast	a	great	deal	of	influence	even	compared	to	other	gods,	but
it	must	be	said	that	even	then,	they	are	not	invincible.
There	 are	 many	 gods	 that	 will	 retaliate	 if	 they	 are	 offended,	 no	 matter	 who
the	offender	might	be.
Page 183
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 190 (PDF index) ---
Even	the	great	dragon	god,	the	highest	ranking	of	the	dragons,	is	said	to	have
been	injured	once	long	ago	by	the	god	that	reigns	over	hell.
Legend	 has	 it	 that	 the	 dragon	 god	 had	 never	 truly	 been	 wounded	 before	 or
since.
Hm?
Have	I	ever	met	the	dragon	god?
Me?	Of	course	not.
Just	to	be	clear,	this	world	is	a	very	remote	region	by	dragon	standards.
Think	 of	 it	 as	 a	 puny	 village	 in	 the	 farthest-removed	 countryside	 of	 an
obscure	territory.
On	 the	 other	 hand,	 the	 dragon	 god	 is	 akin	 to	 a	 king	 living	 in	 the	 capital,
understand?
Someone	who	was	born	and	raised	in	obscurity	of	some	far-off	countryside
would	 never	 get	 a	 chance	 to	 have	 an	 audience	 with	 someone	 of	 such	 high
standing.
In	this	comparison,	I	suppose	D	would	be	the	king	of	another	kingdom.
So	even	though	I	had	never	met	my	own	king,	I	went	to	the	king	of	a	foreign
land	to	quest	their	aid.
It	was	incredibly	brazen	of	me,	to	say	the	least.
Honestly,	I	am	still	amazed	that	I	did	such	a	thing.
I	suppose	you	could	say	I	was	grasping	at	straws.
Although	the	“straw”	I	ended	up	grasping	was	something	far	more	sinister…
…Was	it	really	the	right	decision	to	turn	to	D	for	help?
I	still	don’t	know	the	answer	to	that	question.
If	 I	 hadn’t	 gone	 to	 D	 and	 convinced	 her	 to	 interfere	 in	 this	 world,	 Sariel
would	no	longer	be	alive.
Far	from	it:	Her	very	soul	and	existence	might	have	disappeared	entirely.
If	her	soul	was	still	intact,	she	could	at	least	be	reborn	and	live	out	another
life.
I	do	not	know	what	sort	of	life	it	would	be,	but	if	she	could	forget	everything
and	be	happy,	at	least…
But	if	her	soul	was	spent,	that	possibility	would	be	no	longer.
I	wanted	to	save	Sariel’s	life.
If	nothing	else,	I	wanted	to	at	least	ensure	that	her	soul	would	not	disappear.
That	wish	was	granted,	and	the	system	D	created	kept	Sariel	and	this	world
alive.
But	it	was	not	the	salvation	I	had	hoped	for.
Page 184
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 191 (PDF index) ---
For	every	wish	granted,	there	is	always	a	price.
There	 was	 no	 perfect	 outcome	 where	 Sariel	 and	 this	 world	 could	 go	 on	 in
peace	as	I	wanted.
D	might	have	been	able	to	do	that,	but	she	had	no	reason	to.
Things	 might	 have	 been	 different	 if	 I	 had	 been	 able	 to	 offer	 a	 satisfactory
payment,	but	of	course	a	mere	whelp	of	a	dragon	like	myself	had	no	such	thing
to	give.
Thus,	in	exchange	for	saving	Sariel	and	this	world,	D	made	the	world	into	her
plaything.
She	made	game-like	features	such	as	stats	and	skills	into	reality.
The	real	world	was	turned	into	a	game	for	her	amusement.
That	 may	 have	 seemed	 unbearable	 to	 the	 humans	 of	 this	 world	 who	 were
trapped	in	the	game,	but	it	was	their	actions	that	led	to	this	consequence.
Since	there	was	no	way	to	save	the	world	except	to	play	the	game,	they	had
to	do	it,	in	order	to	atone	as	well	as	survive.
But	I	do	wonder	sometimes.
Did	I	not	offer	up	the	humans	whom	Sariel	laid	down	her	life	to	save,	as	a
plaything	for	D’s	amusement?
And	did	I	not	force	Sariel	to	endure	constant	suffering	as	a	result?
Yes,	her	life	was	indeed	preserved.
And	this	world	continues	to	exist,	if	in	a	different	form	than	before.
But	in	both	cases,	is	this	not	simply	prolonging	their	agony	for	no	reason?
Have	I	done	something	completely	unnecessary,	or	even	cruel?
I	cannot	help	but	get	caught	up	in	such	negative	thoughts.
It	is	an	inevitable	effect	of	watching	this	world	from	behind	the	scenes	for	so
long,	unable	to	do	anything	more,	I	suppose.
My	melancholy	feelings	have	built	up	immensely	over	the	years.
But	then	again,	perhaps	that	is	part	of	my	punishment,	too.
Page 185
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com