--- PAGE 192 (PDF index) ---
“What	is	the	situation?”
“There	have	been	radical	weather	phenomena	and	other	strange	occurrences
all	over	the	world.”
“Violence	 is	 breaking	 out	 among	 citizens,	 including	 murder	 and	 other
crimes.”
“Suicides	 have	 increased	 as	 well.	 Many	 of	 the	 dragon	 worshippers,
especially,	have	committed	mass	suicide.”
“The	distribution	of	food	is	at	a	standstill.”
Each	report	was	as	terrible	as	the	last.
But	 of	 course	 that	 would	 be	 the	 case	 when	 the	 end	 of	 the	 world	 is	 drawing
near.
“…And	how	much	time	do	we	have	left?”
No	one	was	able	to	answer	my	question	immediately.
Not	one	of	them	made	a	sound,	as	if	afraid	to	speak	the	answer	out	loud.
But	eventually,	someone	had	to	break	the	silence.
A	minister	reluctantly	spoke	up.
“According	to	Potimas	Harrifenas,	we	may	have	less	than	a	year.”
Upon	 hearing	 Potimas’s	 name,	 I	 could	 tell	 my	 displeasure	 was	 showing	 on
my	countenance.
I	 cannot	 place	 all	 of	 the	 blame	 for	 this	 situation	 on	 Potimas,	 but	 he	 was
undoubtedly	the	origin	of	these	troubles.
One	man’s	delusions	of	grandeur	had	driven	the	world	to	destruction.
But	he	was	also	the	only	individual	who	might	stand	a	chance	of	solving	the
very	situation	he	created.
Thus,	we	could	not	execute	Potimas,	as	much	as	it	pained	me.
“In	 addition,	 he	 stated	 that	 this	 is	 only	 the	 length	 of	 time	 that	 the	 planet	 is
likely	 to	 retain	 its	 form…	 But	 the	 amount	 of	 time	 that	 life	 can	 survive	 on	 it	 is
likely	even	shorter.”
Page 186
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 193 (PDF index) ---
“If	I	may	add,	the	more	time	passes,	the	worse	the	situation	becomes.”
The	implication	was	that	if	I	was	going	to	make	a	decision,	I	must	do	so	with
haste.
These	men	and	women	who	had	followed	me	all	this	time	were	resolved	to
abide	by	my	decision,	even	in	this	dire	situation.
In	 other	 words,	 they	 were	 willing	 to	 comply	 with	 my	 judgment	 as	 the	 so-
called	sage	of	the	world,	no	matter	how	illogical	it	might	be.
But	 while	 I	 knew	 I	 had	 been	 given	 the	 right	 to	 decide,	 I	 could	 not	 bring
myself	to	open	my	mouth.
Our	nation	of	Daztrudia	was	largely	spared	from	the	dragon	attacks,	perhaps
because	we	forbade	the	use	of	MA	energy.
While	 other	 nations	 suffered	 catastrophic	 damage,	 we	 were	 relatively
unscathed.
Thus,	I	was	now	being	praised	and	called	a	“sage”	for	resisting	the	allure	of
MA	energy	and	continuing	to	condemn	it,	to	the	point	where	there	were	scarcely
any	nations	that	would	defy	Daztrudia.
Which	is	why	I	had	to	make	my	choice	with	great	care.
In	this	situation,	if	Daztrudia	were	to	say	that	black	is	white,	then	it	would	be
so	throughout	the	world.
“Hmm…”
I	heaved	a	heavy	sigh.
No	 matter	 how	 long	 and	 hard	 I	 thought	 about	 it,	 I	 reached	 the	 same
conclusion.
As	 the	 president,	 as	 the	 de	 facto	 leader	 of	 humanity,	 I	 needed	 to	 make	 a
decision	even	if	it	was	a	bitter	pill	to	swallow.
“Is	this	truly	the	only	way?”
I	was	not	so	much	asking	the	others	as	I	was	confirming	it	to	myself.
Sure	enough,	no	one	else	offered	up	an	answer.
How	could	they?
A	long,	long	silence	sank	over	the	conference	room.
“Tell	Potimas	Harrifenas	to	make	the	necessary	preparations.”
“…Yes,	sir!”
I	said	it.
There	was	no	turning	back.
That	was	the	moment	that	I,	President	Dustin	of	Daztrudia,	made	the	decision
that	essentially	chose	the	fate	of	humanity.
The	other	people	in	the	conference	room	lowered	their	heads.
Page 187
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 194 (PDF index) ---
I	alone	stood	up	from	my	chair	and	walked	over	to	the	window.
Through	 the	 thick	 bulletproof	 glass,	 the	 sky	 seemed	 to	 have	 lost	 its	 light,
even	though	it	was	not	yet	nighttime.
A	dull	thud	filled	the	room.
It	was	the	sound	of	me	striking	my	forehead	against	the	window.
“A	 sage?	 How	 could	 anyone	 think	 me	 a	 sage?	 I	 am	 nothing	 more	 than	 a
shameless	fool!”
As	I	cried	out	in	despair,	I	struck	my	head	against	the	window	again.
And	again.
Over	and	over.
“President!	President!”
Seeing	my	forehead	split	and	blood	begin	to	trickle	down,	a	minister	rushed
over	to	stop	me.
But	I	still	kept	smashing	my	head	against	the	glass.
Only	when	three	of	the	ministers	tore	me	away	from	the	window	did	I	finally
stop	injuring	myself.
“Scum!	I	am	scum!”
But	my	words	did	not	stop.
I	continued	hurling	insults	at	myself.
“President!	President!	You	are	an	honorable	man!	You	are	not	scum!”
I	am	sure	the	minister	meant	that	from	the	bottom	of	his	heart,	but	his	words
rang	hollow	to	my	ears.
“We	are	repaying	a	kindness	with	cruelty.	How	can	that	not	be	called	scum?!
For	shame,	damn	it	all!”
My	shoulders	heaved	as	I	bellowed,	until	finally,	I	lost	my	strength	and	sank
into	a	chair.
“My	name	shall	be	dragged	through	the	mud	forevermore.”
“Surely	not…”
“No,	it	shall.	It	must.	So	I	must	create	that	future	with	my	own	hands.”
The	ministers	fell	silent	at	this.
“From	now	on,	I	will	use	any	means	necessary	to	protect	humanity,	like	the
scum	 I	 am.	 I	 shall	 carry	 on	 until	 my	 very	 soul	 is	 gone.	 That	 is	 all	 I	 can	 do,
shameless	fool	that	I	am.”
My	eyes	were	bloodshot,	but	I	spoke	with	conviction.
“The	 goddess	 Sariel	 saved	 humanity	 from	 the	 dragons.	 And	 now	 we	 will
offer	her	as	sacrifice	to	keep	this	world	alive.”
At	that,	the	ministers	all	hung	their	heads.
Page 188
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 195 (PDF index) ---
“We	will	follow	you	to	the	depths	of	hell,	President	Dustin.”
Page 189
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 196 (PDF index) ---
Page 190
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com