--- PAGE 197 (PDF index) ---
Around	the	time	the	dragons’	attacks	ceased,	I	was	captured	by	Daztrudia.
…Although	that	was	really	only	a	clone	of	me.
Hmph.	Those	people	truly	believed	they	had	captured	the	real	me.
Such	simpletons.
By	way	of	the	clone,	I	proposed	a	method	of	saving	this	world	to	President
Dustin.
Namely,	offering	the	so-called	goddess	Sariel	as	a	sacrifice.
My	clone	is	in	the	process	of	preparing	the	required	technology.
The	 goddess	 harbors	 a	 massive	 amount	 of	 energy,	 as	 she	 was	 powerful
enough	to	drive	off	the	dragons.
We	will	extract	it	from	the	goddess	by	dismantling	her	and	siphoning	it	into
the	world	to	replace	the	lost	MA	energy.
…At	least,	that	is	the	theory	I	proposed,	but	of	course	such	a	method	will	not
actually	save	the	world.
Energy	comes	in	many	different	forms.
Just	as	an	atom	may	be	composed	of	many	different	things,	so	too	is	there	a
wide	range	of	energy.
Siphoning	 the	 goddess’s	 energy	 into	 the	 planet	 as	 is	 will	 not	 make	 a
substitute	for	MA	energy.
In	fact,	it	might	even	cause	resistance	that	will	hasten	the	world’s	demise.
But	those	idiots	do	not	realize	that.
So	 I	 will	 deceive	 them	 until	 the	 very	 end	 and	 steal	 away	 the	 goddess’s
energy,	too.
The	energy	of	a	goddess…	Now	that	will	be	worth	studying.
I	 never	 managed	 to	 achieve	 eternal	 life	 with	 MA	 energy,	 but	 perhaps
researching	a	goddess’s	energy	will	bear	better	fruit…
However,	 once	 I	 have	 stolen	 the	 goddess’s	 energy,	 I	 doubt	 I	 can	 remain	 on
this	planet	any	longer.
Page 191
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 198 (PDF index) ---
This	planet	is	soon	to	collapse	at	this	rate,	anyway.
I	had	hoped	to	remain	here	until	I	found	a	nearby	planet	I	could	inhabit,	but	it
appears	that	will	not	be	the	case.
I	shall	simply	have	to	find	one	while	traveling	in	space.
Let	 us	 hope	 I	 do	 not	 encounter	 the	 dragons,	 who	 already	 know	 of	 me,
wherever	I	try	to	put	down	roots.
Honestly,	those	dragons	did	me	a	fine	turn	at	the	very	last.
I	would	have	liked	to	use	the	MA	energy	they	ran	away	with,	you	know.
But	it	is	gone	now,	so	I	suppose	there	is	nothing	else	for	it.
I	shall	give	up	on	that	much,	anyway.
Page 192
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com