--- PAGE 199 (PDF index) ---
Innumerable	sea	urchins	float	in	the	air.
There’s	a	huge	pyramid	hovering	in	the	center.
At	 this	 point,	 I	 feel	 like	 this	 battle	 should	 be	 taking	 place	 in	 space	 or
something.
No	waaay.
Look,	I’m	sorry,	citizens	of	this	world.
You	gave	it	your	best	shot.
Really,	how	could	anyone	expect	you	to	save	up	any	amount	of	energy	when
some	freak	keeps	spending	it	all	to	make	stupid	crap	like	this	float	in	midair?
The	amount	of	energy	he	must’ve	needed	for	that	single	sea	urchin	was	bad
enough,	 but	 with	 what	 he	 must’ve	 stolen	 to	 make	 a	 whole	 army	 of	 ’em,	 you
definitely	could’ve	saved	a	world	or	two	by	now.
If	anything,	I’m	amazed	this	place	has	lasted	at	all	with	that	bastard	sapping
so	much	energy.
It	just	goes	to	show	how	hard	the	residents	of	this	world	have	been	fighting.
Wow,	you	gotta	give	’em	an	A	for	effort!
…That	still	doesn’t	change	what	I’m	gonna	do,	though.
But	we	can	worry	about	that	after	this	battle’s	over.
First,	I	need	to	deal	with	that	floating	swarm	of	sea	urchins	and	the	pyramid
thing.
Good	thing	I	already	told	Mr.	Oni	to	give	the	order	to	retreat.
Even	the	queen	couldn’t	take	down	one	sea	urchin	without	my	help,	and	now
there’s	too	many	to	count.	Escaping	is	the	best	option	here.
Those	sea	urchins	seem	to	specialize	in	wide-range	attacks,	too.
With	this	many	of	them	in	one	place,	they	could	easily	raze	the	whole	forest
to	the	ground.
The	demon	army	and	any	other	troops	wouldn’t	be	anything	but	targets.
Even	the	likes	of	Mr.	Oni	and	Vampy	would	be	out	of	their	league	against	a
Page 193
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 200 (PDF index) ---
whole	swarm	of	these	things.
This	is	what	you’d	call	a	“strategic	retreat.”
Mera’s	doing	great	on	that	front.
He	 and	 his	 army	 have	 already	 withstood	 the	 elves’	 attacks	 and	 safely
retreated.
I	did	warn	him	in	advance	not	to	do	anything	crazy	if	things	took	a	bad	turn,
but	I’m	still	impressed	he	managed	to	withdraw	so	smoothly.
It	 can	 be	 tough	 to	 retreat	 with	 enemies	 at	 your	 back,	 but	 they	 still	 pulled	 it
off.
In	spite	of	everything,	I	think	Mera	might	actually	be	the	best	commander	out
of	any	of	us.
Meanwhile,	Mr.	Oni	and	Vampy	are	bringing	up	the	rear,	mowing	down	the
elves	before	they	retreat.
…Can	you	even	call	that	a	retreat	anymore?
Kinda	 calls	 the	 definition	 into	 question	 if	 there’s	 no	 more	 enemy	 to	 retreat
from.
Other	 than	 that…uhh,	 looks	 like	 the	 puppet	 spiders	 are	 fighting	 robots
alongside	a	familiar-looking	old	geezer.
What	are	you	guys	doing?
Like,	seriously,	what?
Do	I	even	want	to	know	what	happened	there?
…Okay,	whatever.
I’ll	retrieve	the	geezer	along	with	the	puppet	spiders,	I	guess.
I	 activate	 teleportation	 by	 way	 of	 the	 battle	 clones	 the	 puppet	 spiders	 are
riding	and	evacuate	all	of	them	to	safety	with	the	old	man	in	tow.
There.	That’s	one	less	thing	to	worry	about.
Now	 I	 just	 have	 to	 deal	 with	 this	 swarm	 of	 sea	 urchins,	 and	 the	 pyramid,
which	kinda	looks	like	the	boss.
First	 the	 robots,	 then	 the	 mega-robots,	 then	 the	 sea	 urchins,	 and	 now	 this
pyramid.
Deploying	your	forces	in	separate	waves	is	a	stupid	plan,	but	I	can	see	why
they	waited	to	send	out	the	sea	urchins.
Their	best	attack	is	carpet-bombing	with	those	countless	gun-spikes.
Which	 could	 easily	 take	 out	 the	 robots	 and	 mega-robots	 down	 below	 in	 the
process.
That’s	probably	why	they	didn’t	jump	right	to	the	sea	urchins.
Although	maybe	the	elves	just	thought	the	robots	would	be	plenty.
Page 194
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 201 (PDF index) ---
Then	the	robots	weren’t	enough,	so	they	sent	in	the	mega-robots,	and	then	I
made	quick	work	of	those	with	the	meteor	bullets…
Yeah,	maybe	they	were	just	rationing	out	their	forces	without	thinking	after
all.
Or	 maybe	 they	 had	 no	 choice	 because	 the	 robots	 and	 mega-robots	 aren’t
exactly	designed	to	work	well	alongside	the	sea	urchins.
Okay,	but	either	way!
This	time	for	sure!	This	has	GOT	to	be	the	elves’	ultimate	weapon!
There’s	no	way	something	even	crazier	is	gonna	pop	out	after	this!	Right?!
What	I’m	saying	is,	there	better	not	be	anything	else!
I’m	sick	and	tired	of	this	gag	already!
It	was	already	getting	old	when	tons	of	mega-robots	popped	out,	and	then	the
even	stronger	sea	urchin,	and	 then	tons	of	the	sea	urchins	popped	out,	too?!	Are
you	kidding	me?!
And	now	there’s	even	a	showy-looking	pyramid	in	the	middle,	like	the	cherry
on	top	of	this	stupid	weapon	sundae!
That	thing’s	gotta	be	the	last	trump	card	for	sure!
It	is,	right?!	Please,	tell	me	there’s	nothing	else!
I	know	I’m	normally	a	mild-mannered	spider,	but	if	a	whole	bunch	of	those
pyramids	pop	out	after	this,	I’m	seriously	gonna	lose	it!
Argh!	Aaargh!
Ahh,	I	feel	a	little	better	after	ranting	a	bunch.
Seriously,	come	off	it	already…
No	waaay…
Potimas,	you’re	something	else…
At	this	point,	even	I’ve	gotta	hand	it	to	the	guy.
This	is	pretty	impressive.
Now	I	get	why	he	was	always	so	stupidly	full	of	himself.
With	 this	 much	 firepower	 in	 your	 back	 pocket,	 yeah,	 of	 course	 you’d	 be
confident	that	you	can’t	lose…
I	mean,	anyone	else	would	never	be	able	to	deal	with	this…
But	I	can	deal	with	it,	of	course.
All	right,	guess	I	gotta	get	serious	now.
Ughhh.
I	really	didn’t	want	to	show	my	whole	hand	here,	but	it	looks	like	I	have	no
Page 195
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 202 (PDF index) ---
other	choice…
You	should	be	proud	of	yourself,	Potimas.
You	 made	 me—a	 literal	 god,	 at	 least	 in	 a	 roundabout	 way—go	 all	 out	 to
defeat	you.
Honestly,	I	thought	this	was	gonna	be	an	easier	win.
As	I’m	preparing	to	get	serious,	the	pyramid	makes	the	first	move.
One	of	its	corners	starts	glowing.
Is	that	a	w*ve	motion	gun?
’Cause	it	sure	looks	like	a	w*ve	motion	gun!
Just	 as	 I	 suspected,	 after	 a	 moment,	 the	 light	 forms	 a	 dense	 laser	 beam	 and
fires	right	at	me.
Yeah,	yeah,	into	my	parallel	dimension	it	goes.
Aaand	now	I’ll	send	it	right	back	atcha!
A	gate	to	an	empty	parallel	dimension	appears	right	in	front	of	me	and	sucks
up	the	laser.
Then	I	create	another	gate	right	next	to	it	so	that	the	laser	comes	flying	back
out	toward	the	pyramid.
Any	space	manipulator	worth	her	salt	would	think	of	a	move	like	this!
The	thing	where	you	connect	two	portals	to	fire	a	long-distance	attack	back	at
your	enemy!
The	pyramid’s	own	laser	beams	toward	it.
But,	as	I	probably	should’ve	guessed,	the	pyramid	has	a	barrier	that	deflects
the	laser	in	a	flash	of	dazzling	light.
This	 one	 seems	 to	 be	 a	 combination	 of	 an	 anti-technique	 barrier	 with	 a
reflector,	maybe?
The	 laser	 bounces	 off	 the	 barrier	 and	 branches	 off	 in	 all	 directions,	 every
scattered	piece	of	light	vaporizing	whatever	it	hits.
…Yeesh,	that	thing	is	waaay	too	strong.
Seriously,	what’s	up	with	that?
It	totally	annihilated	the	ground	wherever	it	hit…
I’m	not	even	talking	craters	here;	they’re	basically	just	gaping	holes.
Are	you	planning	on	physically	destroying	the	planet	now?
I	thought	it	was	a	w*ve	motion	gun,	but	it’s	basically	the	superlaser	from	the
D*ath	Star.
How	much	energy	must	it	cost	just	for	a	single	shot	of	that	thing?
Man,	I’m	glad	I	didn’t	try	to	just	block	that	thing.
I	don’t	think	there’s	any	way	to	defend	against	something	like	that.
Page 196
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 203 (PDF index) ---
Heh,	but	long-distance	attacks	don’t	work	on	me!
I’ll	just	send	them	all	flying	right	back	where	they	came	from!
I’m	gonna	sink	this	thing	before	it	fires	another	shot,	though.
First,	I	steal	a	quick	peek	at	what	Hyrince	is	doing.
Looks	like	Mr.	Oni	is	hustling	him	away.
He	 looks	 back	 for	 a	 second,	 like	 maybe	 he	 noticed	 me	 spying	 on	 him,	 but
then	he	faces	forward	again	to	focus	on	evacuating.
Guess	he’s	not	planning	to	get	involved	in	this	battle,	then.
That’s	all	well	and	good,	but	it	still	sucks	that	he’s	gonna	see	the	aces	up	my
sleeves.
I	don’t	think	I	can	get	through	this	fight	without	going	all	out,	though.
I	 mean,	 I	 could	 probably	 half-ass	 it	 given	 enough	 time,	 but	 this	 whole	 area
will	probably	get	reduced	to	nothing	if	I	drag	it	out	for	too	long.
Whew.
All	right,	here	we	go.
But	first,	I’m	gonna	throw	myself	into	another	dimension.
Heh.
No	matter	how	powerful	that	beam	attack	might	be,	it	can’t	hit	me	if	I’m	in
another	dimension	entirely!
What’s	so	unfair	about	spatial	manipulation,	you	ask?
Well,	 it’s	 probably	 the	 fact	 that	 you	 can	 do	 anything	 you	 want	 to	 any
opponent	who	can’t	use	spatial	techniques	without	giving	’em	any	way	to	fight
back.
Which	is	why	gods	need	spatial	abilities,	I	guess.
Although	I	seem	to	be	especially	good	at	it.
Anyway,	guess	it’s	time	to	take	the	lid	off	my	hellish	cauldron.
A	 crack	 appears	 in	 space	 above	 where	 the	 pyramid	 and	 sea	 urchins	 are
floating.
It	 spreads	 out	 in	 the	 shape	 of	 a	 spiderweb,	 covering	 the	 air	 above	 the	 elf
village.
Then	countless	eyes	peer	down	through	the	cracks.
Countless	eyes,	all	gazing	down	at	the	earth.
It’s	my	clones,	using	Gluttonous	Evil	Eye.
The	creepy-crawly	crowd	of	spider	eyes	unleashes	the	attack	simultaneously,
devouring	the	energy	of	the	pyramid	and	the	sea	urchins.
The	pyramid	and	sea	urchins	all	unload	anti-aircraft	fire,	but	they’re	thwarted
by	the	spiderweb-shaped	space,	preventing	any	attacks	from	reaching	the	clones.
Page 197
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 204 (PDF index) ---
Well,	yeah.	I	used	Spatial	Separation	on	the	whole	setup.
Nothing’s	getting	in	there.
Their	energy	drained,	the	sea	urchins	drop	to	the	ground.
That’s	what	happens	when	I	go	all	out.
I	use	my	spatial	abilities	to	the	fullest,	have	countless	clones	hiding	out	in	an
alternate-dimension	“home,”	 and	suck	 up	all	 your	 energy	with	 Gluttonous	 Evil
Eye.
Without	their	energy,	even	a	god	is	just	an	ordinary	living	thing.
Having	 more	 energy	 than	 a	 normal	 creature	 could	 possibly	 contain	 is	 what
makes	 a	 god	 a	 god,	 so	 if	 you	 take	 that	 away,	 you	 can’t	 even	 call	 them	 a	 god
anymore.
This	 is	 the	 strategy	 I	 developed	 so	 that	 I—a	 newly	 made,	 half-assed	 god—
could	defeat	the	likes	of	Güli-güli.
I	mean,	what	other	choice	did	I	have?
If	we	fought	fair	and	square,	I’d	definitely	lose.
So	my	only	choice	was	to	take	the	tried-and-true	method	I	already	had	to	the
extreme.
Honestly,	this	is	all	I’ve	got.
There’s	so	little	I	can	actually	do	that	you	can	barely	even	call	me	a	real	god.
But	with	this	new	“holing	up	at	home”	strategy	that	I	polished	to	the	extreme,
I	could	actually	take	down	a	top-tier	god	like	Güli-güli,	at	least	in	theory.
There’s	no	way	it	would	fail	against	some	stupid	elf	weapons.
I’ve	got	one	million	clones	stashed	in	my	cozy	new	subspace	home.
So	 if	 they’ve	 got	 eight	 eyes	 each,	 that’s	 a	 total	 of	 eight	 million	 Gluttonous
Evil	Eyes.
I	can	only	fully	operate	up	to	ten	thousand	battle	clones	at	a	time,	but	if	all	I
have	to	do	is	activate	Gluttonous	Evil	Eye,	I	can	pull	all	this	off.
It’s	an	incredibly	simple	strategy,	but	that’s	what	makes	it	so	hard	to	defend
against.
Still,	 that	 simplicity	 also	 means	 there	 might	 be	 a	 method	 for	 defending
against	it	that	I	haven’t	thought	of…
Which	is	why	I	was	hoping	to	avoid	revealing	this	particular	move…
I	check	in	on	Hyrince	again.
Oh,	geez.	He’s	totally	staring.
Cut	it	out!	Don’t	look!
This	is	the	only	killer	move	I’ve	got	up	my	sleeve.	If	you	figure	out	a	way	to
deal	with	it,	I’m	totally	screwed.
Page 198
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 205 (PDF index) ---
That’s	why	I	didn’t	want	to	do	this!
C’mon,	don’t	come	up	with	a	counterstrategy	for	this,	okay?
While	I’m	distracted	with	that,	the	last	of	the	sea	urchins	fall	to	the	ground,
finally	followed	by	the	powerless	pyramid.
Just	like	that,	the	elves’	ultimate	weapon	goes	down.
Considering	 that	 the	 queen	 couldn’t	 even	 put	 a	 scratch	 on	 the	 sea	 urchin
alone,	 this	 pyramid	 must’ve	 been	 even	 stronger,	 probably	 to	 the	 point	 where
even	the	Demon	Lord	wouldn’t	have	been	able	to	deal	with	it.
Taking	into	account	the	massive	amount	of	energy	I	just	sucked	out	of	it	with
Gluttonous	Evil	Eye,	I	can	estimate	that	the	thing	was	insanely	powerful.
But	it	still	went	down	in	a	matter	of	minutes.
Just	like	Potimas	confidently	built	up	the	elves’	forces,	I	had	my	own	power
saved	up	that	could	destroy	anything	he	threw	at	us.
So	this	victory	was	the	obvious	outcome.
…Still,	I	gotta	admit	my	heart’s	racing	a	little.
I	mean,	c’mon!
Every	time	I	thought	that	had	to	be	it,	even	more	reinforcements	popped	up,
y’know?!
At	 this	 point,	 I	 wouldn’t	 be	 surprised	 if	 a	 whole	 swarm	 of	 pyramids	 comes
out	next!
I	mean,	I’d	be	mad,	but	not	surprised!
But	you	get	why	I’m	paranoid	at	this	point,	right?!
Please,	tell	me	there	won’t	be	any	more!
But	as	if	to	crush	my	dreams,	the	ground	splits	open,	and	something	gigantic
floats	into	sight.
…
………
……………
ENOUGH	ALREADY,	DAMMIIIIIIT!!!!
That’s	it!
Now	I’m	mad!
Grr!	You’ve	gone	and	pissed	off	this	mild-mannered	spider	for	the	last	time!!
Arrgh!	I	hope	you’re	ready	to	pay	the	price!
GRARGH!	 I	 was	 already	 gonna	 destroy	 you,	 but	 now	 I’m	 REALLY	 gonna
pulverize	you	good!!
Page 199
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 206 (PDF index) ---
…Wait,	is	it	just	me,	or	is	the	UFO-looking	thing	that	just	popped	out	trying	to
run	away?
Get	back	here,	dammit!!
Page 200
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com