--- PAGE 207 (PDF index) ---
“Ariel!	What	the	hell	is	that	thing?!”
Potimas’s	voice	rings	out	in	mounting	panic.
At	the	same	time,	the	vicious	attacks	from	the	Omega	suddenly	stop.
“Hmm?	What	‘thing’?	You’ll	have	to	be	more	specific.	I	have	no	idea	what
you’re	talking	about…”
I	shake	my	head	and	shrug	my	shoulders	in	an	exaggerated,	mocking	gesture.
Normally,	 I	 imagine	 he	 would’ve	 just	 ignored	 my	 attitude,	 but	 he	 seems
especially	on	edge	right	now:	I	can	hear	his	teeth	grinding	over	the	speakers.
“That	thing	you	call	‘White’!	What	is	it?!”
Riiight.
Yeah,	I	figured	as	much.
I	was	only	messing	with	him	when	I	said	I	didn’t	know	what	he	meant.
No	one	but	White	could	possibly	get	Potimas	into	such	a	panicky	state.
He	seems	to	be	seriously	freaking	out,	too.
When	 was	 the	 last	 time	 I	 heard	 him	 yelling	 with	 so	 much	 actual	 emotion?
Probably	that	time	when	White	literally	tore	him	a	new	one…
Potimas	usually	looks	down	on	other	people,	never	showing	any	emotion.
He	thinks	he’s	too	superior	to	be	affected	by	what	any	lesser	beings	might	do.
I	bet	he	thinks	it	would	be	disgraceful	to	let	his	feelings	be	moved	by	such
creatures.
But	now,	he’s	totally	losing	it.
That	 must	 mean	 something	 far	 beyond	 Potimas’s	 wildest	 imagination	 must
have	happened.
Yeah,	sounds	like	White’s	work	to	me.
“What’s	up?	Did	White	do	something	wacky?”
I	doubt	he’s	going	to	answer	me,	but	I	might	as	well	ask.
“I’m	the	one	asking	the	questions	here!	Just	hurry	up	and	tell	me	what	it	is!”
At	this	point,	he’s	basically	shrieking.
Page 201
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 208 (PDF index) ---
Aww,	man.
I	dunno,	I	kinda	wanted	to	be	the	one	to	make	him	do	that…
But	I	guess	White	beat	me	to	it.
“I	don’t	know	what	happened,	but	it	sounds	to	me	like	White	got	you	good,
huh?	Well,	isn’t	that	a	shame?	Serves	you	right.”
When	 I	 give	 him	 a	 well-deserved	 mocking,	 the	 frozen	 Omega	 suddenly
swings	back	into	action.
I	jump	back,	avoiding	an	obvious,	anger-driven	punch.
“You	mad?	Ooh,	you	mad?	What	a	short	temper	you	have.	Maybe	you	need
to	get	more	calcium?	See,	this	is	the	problem	with	you	scrawny	shut-in	types.”
The	more	I	taunt	it,	the	more	the	Omega	comes	at	me	way	too	directly.
“Damn	it!	Blast	it	all!	Where	did	my	calculations	go	wrong?	That	accursed
thing	defies	all	logic!”
Potimas’s	cursing	echoes	in	vain.
Such	a	fragile	ego.
This	man	is	a	weakling,	though	I	already	knew	that.
The	 only	 reason	 he	 seemed	 strong	 is	 because	 he	 had	 only	 ever	 fought
opponents	who	were	weaker	than	himself.
It	wasn’t	that	he	was	strong,	but	that	they	were	less	strong	than	he	was.
That’s	why	he	was	able	to	stay	on	top.
And	why	he	was	able	to	flaunt	his	confidence	for	so	long.
But	I	know	the	truth.
Deep	down,	he’s	weaker	than	anyone	else.
Because	 he	 was	 always	 weaker	 than	 everyone,	 he	 wanted	 power	 more	 than
anyone	else.
That’s	how	he	ended	up	here.
He	thought	he	was	strong,	that	he	had	gotten	stronger	than	anyone,	but	he’s
still	just	a	weak	little	man.
Now	that	he’s	fighting	White,	someone	who’s	stronger	than	him,	the	façade
has	slipped	away	to	reveal	the	same	weakling	he	always	was.
“What	a	weakling.”
“Excuse	me?”
Potimas	picks	up	my	muttered	words	and	answers	sharply.
“You’re	weak,	Potimas.”	I	didn’t	really	mean	for	him	to	hear	it,	but	since	he
asked,	I	might	as	well	let	him	have	it.
“Bold	words	from	someone	who	is	content	with	the	temporary	power	granted
by	the	system.”
Page 202
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 209 (PDF index) ---
That	isn’t	the	kind	of	strength	or	weakness	I	mean,	though.
Not	that	he	would	understand	even	if	I	explained	it.
“Ah,	yes,	the	system.	What	happened	to	the	power	to	become	a	god?	I	have
not	become	a	god	at	all!	But	what	about	that	thing?	How	can	this	be?	Ah,	damn
it	all!	Curses!”
At	this	point,	Potimas	is	just	ranting	nonsensically.	I	don’t	even	know	what
he’s	saying	anymore.
The	 Omega	 is	 moving	 erratically,	 too,	 perhaps	 influenced	 by	 its	 master’s
sorry	state.
The	drill	closes	in	on	my	face.
I	catch	it	with	my	teeth.
It	 makes	 an	 unpleasant	 crunching	 noise,	 but	 I	 put	 my	 strength	 into	 my	 jaw
and	chomp	it	to	pieces.
“Wait.	Wait	just	a	minute!	It	makes	no	sense.	Why?	Why	are	you	still	alive?”
Oh?
He	finally	caught	on?
“Why	 have	 your	 wounds	 healed?	 How	 are	 you	 evenly	 matched	 with	 the
Gloria	Ω	inside	the	anti-technique	barrier?	What’s	going	on	here?!”
Took	you	long	enough,	dude.
The	Omega’s	drill	gave	me	a	serious	beating.
It	 tore	 into	 my	 stomach,	 pierced	 my	 chest,	 took	 off	 an	 arm,	 ripped	 up	 my
legs.
But	those	wounds	have	already	healed.
“How	 can	 this	 happen?!”	 Potimas	 screams.	 “It	 cannot	 be…	 Or	 have	 you
become	a	god	now,	too?!”
After	 he’s	 looked	 down	 on	 me	 for	 so	 long,	 now	 he	 thinks	 I’ve	 gone	 and
achieved	his	dream	of	becoming	a	god	before	him.
That	would	probably	be	the	worst	humiliation	imaginable	to	Potimas.
“Nope.”
But	unfortunately,	that’s	not	the	case.
I	haven’t	become	a	god.
I	can’t.
If	it	were	that	easy,	I’m	sure	Potimas	would	have	become	a	god	by	now,	too.
“I	 haven’t	 become	 a	 god	 or	 anything.	 But	 now	 I	 can	 get	 strong	 enough	 to
fight	a	god,	if	only	for	a	short	time.	You	know	the	method,	too,	don’t	you?”
The	Omega	backs	away.
It’s	like	Potimas	himself	is	recoiling	away	from	me.
Page 203
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 210 (PDF index) ---
“Surely	not.”
“You	guessed	it.”
“Have	you	gone	mad?”
Well,	that’s	not	very	nice.
I	guess	it	does	seem	like	an	insane	thing	to	do	from	Potimas’s	point	of	view,
though.
That’s	why	I	said	he’s	a	weakling.
I’m	 generally	 quite	 weak	 myself,	 but	 I’d	 like	 to	 think	 I’m	 at	 least	 brave
enough	to	put	my	life	on	the	line	to	achieve	my	goals.
“Humility.”
That’s	the	new	Seven	Heavenly	Virtues	skill	I	recently	picked	up.
Its	effects	temporarily	give	me	the	ability	to	fight	with	the	power	of	a	god.
When	the	piece	of	White’s	soul	known	as	“former	body	brain”	merged	with
mine,	it	increased	my	soul’s	capacity	accordingly.
Until	 then,	 my	 soul	 had	 long	 since	 been	 filled	 to	 bursting,	 like	 a	 cracked
vessel	on	the	verge	of	breaking	open.
But	then,	White’s	soul	came	in	as	if	to	mend	those	cracks.
Thanks	to	her,	I	was	finally	able	to	acquire	new	skills	for	the	first	time	in	so
long.
I	 picked	 up	 skills	 like	 Telepathy,	 which	 I	 had	 never	 needed	 because	 I’d
always	been	alone…	And	the	last	one	I	acquired	was	this	skill:	Humility.
My	ace	in	the	hole,	which	I’ve	kept	secret	from	everyone	but	White.
And	I	won’t	hesitate	to	use	it	now.
Even	if	it	means	burning	out	this	soul	of	mine	to	nothingness.
<Humility:	n%	of	the	power	to	reach	godhood.	Allows	the	user	to	temporarily	gain	strength
on	par	with	a	god	in	exchange	for	consuming	the	user’s	soul.	In	addition,	the	user	will	gain
the	ability	to	surpass	the	W	system	and	interfere	with	the	MA	field.>
I	grab	the	Omega’s	head	as	it	tries	to	regenerate	the	broken	drill	and	sink	my
teeth	into	it.
The	bitter	taste	of	metal	fills	my	mouth.
But	 after	 a	 moment,	 the	 chewed-up	 pieces	 are	 broken	 down	 and	 dissolved
into	pure	energy.
My	Gluttony	skill	still	works	just	fine	inside	my	mouth.
That	 means	 I	 have	 to	 get	 it	 into	 my	 mouth	 first,	 but	 once	 it’s	 there,	 I	 can
break	anything	down	into	energy	and	absorb	it.
Page 204
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 211 (PDF index) ---
And	 although	 there’s	 only	 so	 much	 energy	 I	 can	 steal	 with	 a	 mouthful,	 it’s
probably	still	more	effective	than	punching	the	damn	thing	over	and	over.
See,	I’ve	already	figured	out	what	this	Omega	thing	was	most	likely	built	for.
At	its	core,	it’s	designed	to	fight	a	god—specifically,	Gülie.
It’s	loaded	up	with	tons	of	energy	in	preparation	for	a	long,	drawn-out	battle.
The	sheer	amount	of	energy	does	most	of	the	talking,	and	it’s	tough	enough
to	keep	regenerating	in	an	instant	no	matter	how	many	times	you	take	it	down.
That’s	its	whole	focus,	without	any	unnecessary	features.
Not	sure	what’s	up	with	the	drill	thing…	Potimas’s	weird	tastes,	maybe?
…No,	 I	 suppose	 when	 it	 comes	 to	 physical	 destruction,	 a	 drill	 is	 fairly
effective.
Then	you	throw	in	the	anti-technique	barrier,	and	poison	gas	to	exhaust	the
opponent.
A	god	is	basically	just	a	being	with	a	ridiculous	amount	of	energy.
If	that	energy	is	what	makes	a	god	a	god,	then	all	you	have	to	do	is	attack	it
with	something	that	can	keep	fighting	until	it	finally	runs	out	of	that	energy.
Yeah,	I	get	it	now.
It’s	a	pretty	roundabout	method,	but	it	does	make	sense	if	you	were	trying	to
defeat	a	god	with	whatever	you’ve	got	on	hand.
Even	with	the	effects	of	Humility,	it’s	still	giving	me	a	decent	fight.
I	don’t	know	if	this	thing	would	really	work	against	Gülie,	but	I	can	certainly
tell	that	Potimas	put	a	ton	of	thought	into	this	strategy.
But	because	he’s	using	it	against	me	instead,	it’s	gonna	end	in	failure.
I	thrust	my	hand	into	the	Omega’s	torso.
And	then	I	activate	magic	inside	its	body.
The	anti-technique	barrier	isn’t	all-powerful,	you	know.
It	doesn’t	work	inside	the	bodies	of	living	things,	most	especially	allies	who
need	to	be	able	to	use	conjurings	on	the	inside.
I	 mean,	 the	 Omega’s	 regeneration	 is	 a	 conjuring,	 too,	 and	 if	 you	 block	 that
it’d	just	be	a	hunk	of	metal.
So	I	can	still	activate	magic…inside	the	Omega’s	body.
I’m	using	a	level	10	Heresy	Magic	spell.
It’s	called	Rend	Soul.
Heresy	Magic	directly	affects	the	target’s	soul,	and	Rend	Soul	is	a	spell	that
destroys	souls	entirely.
And	I’m	hitting	the	Omega	with	it	from	the	inside.
The	Omega	struggles	wildly,	smacking	me	in	the	side.
Page 205
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 212 (PDF index) ---
I	hear	the	unpleasant	snap	of	a	cheekbone	breaking	as	I’m	sent	flying	away
from	the	Omega.
Immediately,	I	land	on	my	feet,	braced	for	another	attack.
But	instead,	it’s	keeping	its	distance	too,	on	high	alert.
Looks	like	my	attack	worked,	then.
I	knew	it	would,	of	course.
Energy	is	stored	in	the	soul.
Without	the	vessel	of	the	soul,	the	energy	would	leak	away.
Gods	have	especially	large	souls	that	can	hold	massive	amounts	of	energy.
In	order	to	kill	a	god,	you	have	to	either	destroy	the	vessel	of	their	soul	or	get
them	to	use	up	all	the	energy	within	it.
Potimas	chose	the	latter	method.
Or	rather,	he	didn’t	have	any	other	choice,	I	guess.
You	can	also	use	Rend	Soul	to	destroy	a	soul	directly,	like	I	just	did.
But	you	need	the	power	of	the	system	to	do	that.
Rend	Soul	doesn’t	work	without	the	support	of	the	system.
Even	White	hasn’t	been	able	to	recreate	its	effects.
Potimas	can’t	reproduce	Rend	Soul	without	the	system’s	support,	either.
That’s	why	he	had	to	take	another	approach.
Potimas	could	theoretically	use	Rend	Soul,	too,	if	he	just	had	the	elves	learn
Heresy	Magic.
But	he	would	never	choose	that	path.
Because	Potimas	doesn’t	even	trust	the	elves.
To	him,	they’re	just	convenient	tools.
And	you	have	to	use	tools	safely.
So	 he	 would	 never	 let	 them	 learn	 anything	 that	 might	 threaten	 him	 in	 any
way.
Heresy	Magic	is	too	much	of	a	double-edged	sword	for	him.
The	fact	that	it’s	working	on	the	Omega	is	proof	of	that.
If	it	works	on	his	ultimate	weapon	here,	I’m	sure	it	would	work	on	Potimas
himself,	too.
Plus,	 if	 he	 wanted	 to	 use	 it	 against	 Gülie,	 teaching	 Heresy	 Magic	 to	 one	 or
two	elves	wouldn’t	be	nearly	enough.
He’d	 probably	 need	 several	 hundred	 elves	 to	 use	 it	 together	 for	 it	 to	 come
anywhere	near	taking	Gülie	down.
What	if	he	let	that	many	elves	learn	Heresy	Magic,	and	they	rebelled	against
him?
Page 206
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 213 (PDF index) ---
He	would	never	choose	such	a	risky	option.
They	say	it’s	lonely	at	the	top,	but	Potimas	takes	it	to	a	whole	new	level.
In	his	case,	he’s	alone	because	he	wants	to	be.
He’s	 perfectly	 content	 to	 be	 locked	 away	 in	 a	 little	 miniature	 garden	 of	 his
own	making.
As	long	as	he	can	be	in	charge	and	do	whatever	he	wants.
Truly,	such	a	small-minded	man.
And	such	a	lowlife,	too.
“Potimas.	How	many	people’s	souls	did	it	take	to	make	this	Omega	thing?”
I’m	 not	 expecting	 much	 of	 an	 answer	 from	 Potimas,	 who’s	 still	 muttering
senselessly	over	the	speakers.
But	I	still	couldn’t	help	asking.
Energy	is	stored	within	the	soul.
Since	the	Omega	has	energy,	that	means	it	must	have	a	soul.
There’s	a	limit	to	how	much	energy	a	single	soul	can	save	up,	too.
Even	someone	like	Potimas	or	me	can’t	cross	that	line.
Meanwhile,	 this	 Omega	 is	 loaded	 with	 enough	 energy	 to	 theoretically	 fight
Gülie.
One	person’s	soul	wouldn’t	be	able	to	hold	that	much	energy.
If	he	could	do	that,	Potimas	would’ve	already	become	a	god	long	ago.
So	 this	 Omega	 could	 be	 infused	 with	 several…no,	 dozens,	 or	 maybe	 even
hundreds	of	people’s	souls.
All	those	living	souls,	reconstructed	into	this	single	metal	body.
I	do	pity	them.
But	I	won’t	show	them	mercy.
Destroying	those	souls	with	Rend	Soul	means	reducing	them	to	nothingness,
never	to	return	to	the	cycle	of	death	and	rebirth.
Truly	a	heretical	magic,	just	as	the	name	suggests.
But	I	still	won’t	hesitate	to	carry	that	out.
I	can’t	afford	to	spare	them,	even	if	I	wanted	to.
Gluttony,	Rend	Soul,	and	the	time-limited	effects	of	Humility.
I’ll	push	my	way	through	with	these.
“I’m	sorry.”
Murmuring	 an	 apology	 to	 the	 poor	 souls	 who	 were	 made	 into	 this	 terrible
weapon,	I	take	a	step	forward.
How	 much	 time	 has	 passed	 over	 the	 course	 of	 our	 back-and-forth	 battle	 since
Page 207
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 214 (PDF index) ---
then?
It	feels	like	it’s	been	a	fairly	long	time,	but	I	can’t	say	for	sure.
For	 all	 I	 know,	 it	 only	 felt	 that	 way	 because	 my	 sense	 of	 time	 has	 been
stretched	thin,	and	it	was	actually	just	a	few	minutes	or	hours.
I’ve	long	since	lost	count	of	my	attacks.
My	 hand	 once	 again	 strikes	 the	 Omega’s	 chest,	 and	 my	 Heresy	 Magic
eradicates	another	soul	within	its	mechanical	frame.
The	Omega’s	metal	body	spasms	once,	then	stops	moving	completely.
Even	after	I	pull	my	hand	away,	the	hole	doesn’t	close	up	this	time,	and	its
body	falls	to	the	floor	lifelessly.
The	clang	it	makes	is	surprisingly	quiet,	like	that	of	a	husk	that	has	lost	the
weight	of	souls.
It’s	over.
No…not	yet.
This	 Omega	 may	 have	 been	 Potimas’s	 last	 resort,	 but	 it	 wasn’t	 Potimas
himself.
None	of	this	is	over	until	I	say	my	parting	words	over	the	real	Potimas’s	dead
body.
Oof,	that	was	rough,	though.
On	the	outside	I	still	look	totally	unharmed,	but	inside	I’m	a	total	mess.
The	effects	of	Humility	have	been	wearing	away	at	my	soul.
I	 was	 able	 to	 use	 the	 energy	 I	 stole	 from	 the	 Omega	 as	 a	 little	 bit	 of
cushioning,	but	while	it’s	better	than	nothing,	it’s	still	not	much.
What’s	going	to	happen	when	I	turn	off	the	effect	of	Humility?
They	say	a	candle	burns	brightest	right	before	it	goes	out,	and	all	that.
Please,	just	hang	on	until	I	finish	off	Potimas.
“If	you’re	done,	come	outside.”
A	voice	echoes	directly	in	my	head.
A	message	from	White,	maybe?
I	 wish	 she	 wouldn’t	 casually	 do	 things	 like	 that	 when	 the	 anti-technique
barrier	is	still	in	effect.
You’re	gonna	give	me	an	inferiority	complex	here.
At	 any	 rate,	 if	 White	 went	 out	 of	 her	 way	 to	 call	 me,	 I	 guess	 I	 better	 go
outside.
I	force	open	the	door	that	closed	when	I	first	came	in.
Since	it	was	meant	to	shut	in	a	literal	god,	it’s	no	easy	feat	to	move	the	damn
thing.
Page 208
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 215 (PDF index) ---
I	 wheeze	 as	 I	 finally	 pry	 it	 open,	 then	 keep	 wheezing	 as	 I	 ascend	 the	 long
slope	and	step	outside.
The	sight	before	my	eyes	is	crazier	than	I	could’ve	imagined,	to	say	the	least.
The	forest	is	on	fire	all	over	the	place.
Most	of	the	flames	are	coming	from	these	giant	round	sphere	things	scattered
on	the	ground.
In	the	midst	of	this	hellish	scene,	an	even	bigger	shadow	stands	out.
It’s	a	huge,	disc-shaped	thing,	blocking	out	the	sky	as	it	flies	through	the	air.
I’m	reminded	of	the	ancient	weapon	that	Potimas,	the	Pontiff,	White,	and	me,
among	others,	had	to	miraculously	team	up	to	bring	down.
Potimas	 is	 the	 one	 who	 designed	 that	 thing,	 so	 I	 guess	 it	 makes	 sense	 that
they	look	similar.
In	short,	it	looks	like	a	UFO.
You	 know,	 the	 kind	 from	 the	 made-up-sounding	 stories	 about	 aliens	 or
whatever.
But	 it’s	 probably	 a	 fairly	 accurate	 way	 to	 describe	 this	 thing—because	 it
really	is	a	spaceship.
Potimas	knows	the	shape	this	planet	is	in,	of	course.
He	only	stays	in	a	place	that’s	essentially	a	house	built	on	sand	because	of	the
system.
I	know	he	was	talking	down	about	it	just	a	few	minutes	ago,	but	that’s	only
because	it	failed	to	meet	his	expectations.
Potimas	had	high	hopes	for	the	system.
He	thought	it	could	make	him	into	a	god.
Potimas	 never	 became	 a	 god,	 but	 he	 still	 stayed	 on	 this	 planet	 in	 the	 faint
hope	that	he	might	still	be	able	to	do	it	one	day	with	the	help	of	the	system.
But	I’m	sure	he	knew	that	the	chances	of	that	were	slim.
So	of	course	he	would	have	something	prepared.
A	means	of	escaping	from	this	planet.
Potimas	could	leave	the	planet	anytime	he	wants.
That’s	 why	 he’s	 able	 to	 stay	 so	 calm	 even	 if	 the	 world	 is	 on	 the	 verge	 of
destruction.
And	obviously,	the	thing	floating	up	there	is	his	escape	plan.
However,	 the	 escape	 plan	 in	 question	 is	 currently	 being	 held	 in	 place	 by
white	threads.
It	looks	just	like	a	fly	that’s	been	caught	in	a	spiderweb,	and	can	do	nothing
but	wait	to	be	devoured.
Page 209
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 216 (PDF index) ---
In	fact,	that’s	so	on	the	nose	that	I	can’t	help	but	grin.
You’re	really	something	else,	White.
This	is	what	you	were	up	to	while	I	was	messing	around	with	that	Omega?
It’s	so	impressive,	“good	job”	doesn’t	begin	to	cut	it.
I	have	no	doubt	that	the	real	Potimas	is	in	there.
He	 must	 have	 realized	 that	 things	 had	 gone	 south	 beyond	 any	 possible
recovery	and	abandoned	the	Omega	to	make	a	break	for	it.
No	matter	how	much	time	and	effort	it	took	to	build,	the	Omega	was	still	just
one	more	tool	to	Potimas.
If	 he	 had	 to	 choose	 between	 that	 and	 his	 own	 life,	 he	 wouldn’t	 even	 think
twice	about	it.
One	 of	 the	 threads	 holding	 the	 spaceship	 in	 place	 is	 attached	 to	 the	 ground
right	next	to	me.
It’s	thick	enough	that	a	person	could	walk	on	it	without	a	problem.
I	glance	around,	but	I	don’t	see	White	anywhere.
Still,	 since	 this	 thread	 looks	 like	 an	 open	 invitation	 to	 walk	 up	 it	 onto	 the
spaceship,	I’m	sure	that’s	exactly	what	she	intended.
So	I	climb	onto	the	thread	and	use	it	to	start	ascending.
I	feel	like	I’ve	been	doing	a	lot	of	ascending	in	the	past	few	minutes…
I	was	worried	that	the	spaceship	might	shoot	at	me	or	something,	but	soon	I
reach	it	without	incident.
Maybe	White	has	rendered	it	powerless	already.
Hopping	on	top	of	the	spaceship,	I	look	around	for	a	hatch.
Before	 long,	 I	 find	 it,	 pull	 it	 open	 with	 yet	 another	 show	 of	 force,	 and	 go
inside.
It’s	shockingly	dark	inside	the	spaceship.
There’s	no	light	at	all.
Not	that	it	matters,	since	I’ve	got	the	Night	Vision	skill.
I	walk	forward.
Since	this	thing	is	so	huge,	the	corridors	are	stupidly	long.
I	keep	walking.
Behind	panes	of	glass,	there’s	an	area	that	looks	like	a	factory,	and	another
that	looks	like	a	farm,	and	so	on.
It’s	 probably	 set	 up	 so	 that	 anything	 a	 person	 might	 need	 can	 be	 provided
within	the	spaceship.
After	 all,	 it	 could	 easily	 be	 roaming	 through	 outer	 space	 for	 hundreds	 of
years.
Page 210
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 217 (PDF index) ---
Maybe	 Potimas	 stayed	 on	 this	 planet	 not	 just	 because	 he	 had	 hopes	 for	 the
system,	but	also	out	of	fear	of	the	unknown	future	that	awaited	beyond	it.
Gülie	is	the	only	god	on	this	planet,	but	there	might	be	much	more	of	them
on	other	planets.
That’s	not	something	you’d	want	to	mess	around	with.
I	keep	walking.
Some	robot	guards	pop	out,	but	they’re	ridiculously	weak	compared	to	what	I
fought	underground	not	long	ago.
I	take	them	down	easily.
Fighting	these	other	robots,	it’s	even	clearer	to	me	that	the	Omega	I	fought
was	a	specially	made	model.
I	keep	walking.
A	Potimas	clone	attacks	me,	bellowing	oddly.
Its	handsomely	chiseled	features	are	twisted	grotesquely	with	fear	and	panic.
Until	 now,	 even	 if	 one	 of	 Potimas’s	 clones	 was	 killed,	 its	 composed
expression	never	wavered	like	this.
He	didn’t	care	how	many	clones	he	had	to	give	up,	but	I	guess	having	his	real
body	killed	is	a	different	story.
I	mean,	obviously.
I	quickly	finish	off	the	clone	that	attacks	me.
At	 this	 point,	 even	 if	 it’s	 strengthened	 with	 mechanical	 parts,	 I’m	 long	 past
letting	a	mere	clone	stop	me.
“Basically,	you’re	screwed.”
I	keep	walking,	and	when	I	finally	reach	the	end,	I	find	it.
An	elderly	elf,	inside	a	transparent	cylinder.
Countless	tubes	are	attached	to	the	elf’s	body.
The	 old	 elf	 doesn’t	 move	 at	 all;	 maybe	 it’s	 somehow	 frozen	 with	 special
materials	inside	the	cylinder	or	something.
But	 while	 the	 body	 doesn’t	 move,	 the	 speakers	 are	 spewing	 out	 desperate
screams.
“Stop!	No,	no,	don’t	do	it!	I	don’t	want	it	to	end!	No,	it	can’t	end	here!	I	must
go	on	living	eternally!	I	beg	you!	Please	stop!”
Endless	 pleas	 for	 me	 to	 stop	 flow	 from	 the	 speaker,	 mingled	 with	 wordless
screams.
I	guess	you	can	keep	screaming	forever	if	you	don’t	have	to	breathe.
As	 far	 as	 Potimas	 is	 concerned,	 a	 body	 is	 just	 a	 receptacle	 for	 life,	 so	 it
doesn’t	matter	what	state	it’s	in	as	long	as	it’s	still	living.
Page 211
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 218 (PDF index) ---
If	he	wants	to	move,	he	can	just	use	a	clone.
The	flesh	inside	of	this	cylinder,	living	but	not	moving	an	inch,	is	Potimas’s
actual	body.
I	had	imagined	it	might	look	something	like	this,	but	seeing	it	with	my	own
eyes,	it’s	really	quite	pitiful.
The	lifespan	of	an	elf	is	long,	but	it’s	not	infinite.
Potimas	has	lived	far,	far	longer	than	an	elf’s	natural	lifespan.
So	 I	 figured	 he	 was	 probably	 keeping	 himself	 alive	 through	 rather	 extreme
methods.
And	 now,	 the	 man	 who	 has	 so	 desperately	 pursued	 eternity	 for	 the	 sole
purpose	of	clinging	to	life…is	about	to	meet	his	end.
“I	don’t	want	to	die!	I	don’t	want	to	die!	Noooo!	I	don’t	wanna	diiiiiiie!”
“Sorry,	 Potimas,	 but	 I’m	 afraid	 you’re	 going	 to	 meet	 a	 fate	 worse	 than
death.”
I	have	no	sympathy	for	Potimas	as	he	continues	shrieking.
But	I’m	not	quite	in	the	mood	to	rub	it	in	his	face,	either.
I	always	imagined	that	I	might	be	overcome	with	some	feeling	or	other	when
the	time	came,	but	I’m	actually	shocked	at	how	little	emotion	I	feel.
“Abyss	Magic.”
Hearing	my	quiet	murmur,	Potimas	screams	even	more	madly.
Abyss	Magic	is	quite	unique.
While	Heresy	Magic	destroys	the	soul,	Abyss	Magic	dismantles	the	soul	and
returns	it	to	the	system.
Just	killing	him	wouldn’t	be	enough.
I’m	going	to	make	him	pay	this	world	back	with	his	very	soul.
I	start	preparing	Abyss	Magic.
Unlike	 Heresy	 Magic,	 Abyss	 Magic	 spells	 require	 a	 complicated
construction.
I’m	sure	the	great	D	made	it	that	way	on	purpose.
Heresy	Magic	was	designed	to	oppose	gods.
But	Abyss	Magic	was	made	for	the	people	of	this	world	to	pass	judgment	on
one	another.
It	steals	away	the	option	of	being	reborn	and	sentences	the	transgressor	to	be
returned	to	the	system.
In	essence,	it	means	that	person	has	been	judged	to	be	more	use	to	the	world
by	being	restored	to	it	as	energy	than	by	being	reborn.
Page 212
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 219 (PDF index) ---
Page 213
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 220 (PDF index) ---
Personally,	I	think	that’s	why	it	takes	so	long	to	activate,	making	it	a	poor	fit
for	use	in	battle.
This	man	has	lived	a	very	long	time	indeed.
He	 must	 have	 saved	 up	 a	 great	 deal	 of	 energy,	 enough	 that	 returning	 his
entire	soul	to	the	system	would	be	of	some	use.
At	the	very	least,	I’m	sure	he	has	the	Immortality	skill.
There’s	no	way	he	wouldn’t,	since	his	ultimate	desire	is	eternal	life.
Immortality	 costs	 an	 insane	 amount	 of	 skill	 points,	 and	 therefore	 requires	 a
lot	of	energy.
It	would	be	a	waste	not	to	put	that	energy	to	good	use.
Not	that	I	think	that	could	possibly	begin	to	atone	for	all	his	sins.
“Damn	 it!	 Damn	 it	 all!	 If	 only	 I	 could	 have	 unlocked	 the	 secret	 to	 your
perpetual	youth!	Damn	you!	Damn	yoooou!”
Potimas	unleashes	a	bitter	volley	of	screams.
For	some	reason,	I	don’t	age.
I	don’t	know	if	it’s	because	Potimas’s	experiment	succeeded,	or	an	effect	of
the	system,	or	something	else.
But	 whatever	 the	 case	 may	 be,	 I	 somehow	 attained	 perpetual	 youth,	 the
primary	goal	of	the	eternal	life	Potimas	always	desired.
Maybe	that’s	why	he’s	always	been	especially	cruel	to	me.
Jealousy,	I	guess.
But	it	doesn’t	make	much	difference	how	eternally	youthful	my	body	might
be.
Because	I’m	reaching	the	limits	of	the	lifespan	of	my	soul,	not	my	physical
body.
And	I’m	sure	I’m	not	the	only	one.
…Most	likely,	Potimas	has	been	feeling	the	limits	of	his	soul,	too,	just	like
me.
It	looks	like	he	succeeded	in	artificially	keeping	his	body	alive,	but	the	soul
can’t	be	fooled	so	easily.
Like	 mine,	 his	 soul	 has	 probably	 been	 weakening	 under	 the	 weight	 of	 the
overgrown	skills	and	stats	we’ve	accumulated	over	far	too	many	years.
His	physical	body	might	be	reaching	its	limits,	too,	but	either	way,	Potimas
sensed	that	his	time	was	growing	short.
So	he	started	to	panic.
I’m	sure	that’s	why	he’s	been	particularly	active	these	past	few	years.
He	 must	 have	 agreed	 to	 take	 in	 the	 reincarnations	 in	 the	 hopes	 of	 finding
Page 214
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 221 (PDF index) ---
some	clue	to	extend	his	lifespan.
Maybe	he	thought	one	of	their	unique	skills	would	be	able	to	grant	his	wish.
Unfortunately	for	him,	it’s	not	that	simple.
But	he	still	refused	to	give	up,	kept	struggling,	and	ultimately	ended	up	like
this.
Running	away	from	death,	always	running…
“……”
Suddenly,	a	question	occurs	to	me,	and	I	open	my	mouth.
But	judging	by	the	endless,	meaningless	yelling	coming	from	the	speakers,	I
doubt	Potimas	would	be	able	to	give	me	the	answer	I	want.
In	fact,	there’s	probably	no	point	asking	the	question	at	all.
“Was	there	really	any	meaning	to	a	life	you	spent	fleeing	death?”
I	guess	it’s	better	not	to	ask…
“Goodbye,	Father.”
As	 the	 real	 Potimas	 goes	 on	 screaming,	 no	 longer	 forming	 any	 words	 with
meaning,	I	direct	the	Abyss	Magic	toward	him	and	activate	it.
Then	all	that	remains	is	silence.
Page 215
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 222 (PDF index) ---
Page 216
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com