--- PAGE 227 (PDF index) ---
My	 clone	 that’s	 monitoring	 the	 system	 informed	 me	 that	 the	 slot	 for	 Diligence
opened	up.
I	immediately	arrange	to	fill	the	empty	Ruler	Privilege	slot,	careful	to	adjust
so	that	there’s	no	effect	on	the	operation	of	the	system.
On	top	of	that,	I	force	myself	into	the	newly	opened	slot.
Now	I	only	need	one	more	slot.
If	the	Diligence	slot	opened,	that	must	mean	that	Potimas	has	died.
Or	I	guess	it’s	more	like	he	was	erased.
What	kind	of	karma	is	it	that	Potimas,	who	continued	to	live	only	because	he
didn’t	want	to	die,	met	a	fate	far	worse	than	death	in	the	end?
Honestly,	it’s	almost	too	fitting.
But	for	a	guy	who	committed	so	many	heinous	crimes,	his	end	was	honestly
pretty	quick.
When	 I	 think	 about	 all	 the	 things	 he’s	 done,	 I	 can’t	 help	 feeling	 like	 the
Demon	Lord	should	have	tortured	him	more	before	hitting	him	with	the	Abyss
Magic.
I	guess	maybe	she	just	wanted	him	gone	as	soon	as	possible.
Somehow	I	get	the	feeling	that’s	not	really	it,	but	I	don’t	think	anyone	but	the
Demon	Lord	could	understand	how	she	really	feels	about	the	whole	thing.
Their	history	was	way	too	deep	and	complicated.
Even	I	can’t	guess	what	she	must	be	feeling.
I	step	into	the	UFO	that	I	trapped	with	my	threads.
This	 thing	 popped	 out	 after	 I	 brought	 down	 the	 sea	 urchin	 swarm	 and	 the
pyramid.
Based	 on	 the	 timing,	 I	 had	 a	 feeling	 this	 thing	 was	 Potimas’s	 actual	 final
fortress,	 so	 I	 just	 captured	 it	 instead	 of	 destroying	 it.	 Apparently,	 that	 was	 the
right	call.
I	would	honestly	be	shocked	if	there	was	still	yet	another	trick	up	his	sleeve
Page 221
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 228 (PDF index) ---
after	this.
At	that	point,	I’d	have	to	give	Potimas	even	more	credit.
But	since	the	real	Potimas	is	dead	now,	I	guess	that	must	have	been	the	last
trick	after	all.
When	I	finally	reach	the	end	of	a	pointlessly	long	corridor,	I	find	the	Demon
Lord	sitting	in	a	chair,	messing	around	with	some	kind	of	console	in	front	of	her.
“It’s	over,”	she	informs	me	without	turning	around.
“I	see.”
She’s	probably	got	some	serious	inner	turmoil	going	on	after	finally	putting
an	end	to	such	a	long	struggle.
Judging	by	her	detached	tone,	I’d	be	willing	to	guess	that	she’s	so	overcome
with	different	emotions	that	she	can’t	even	sort	out	her	own	feelings.
Sometimes,	 when	 you’ve	 got	 too	 many	 strong	 feelings,	 you	 end	 up	 feeling
emotionless	instead,	y’know?
“Look	at	this.”
The	Demon	Lord	points	at	the	monitor.
Skimming	over	the	text	there,	I	find	something	pretty	unpleasant.
A	deification	experiment	using	reincarnations’	souls	to	become	a	god,	huh?
To	sum	up	the	long-winded	theory	or	whatever,	the	idea	is	basically	to	shove
the	souls	of	a	bunch	of	reincarnations	into	a	target	and	see	what	happens.
Potimas	had	figured	out	he	couldn’t	become	a	god	with	the	system’s	power
alone.
No	matter	how	many	souls	he	collected	in	the	form	of	experience	points,	he
could	never	break	through	the	limit.
So	he	decided	to	try	a	different	kind	of	experience	point	grind—namely,	the
souls	of	people	who	came	from	a	different	world—and	see	if	that	might	be	able
to	break	through	his	soul’s	limitations.
Talk	about	stupid.
I’m	sorry,	but	come	on.
I	hate	to	say	it,	but	I	definitely	don’t	see	that	working	out	well.
You	can’t	break	through	the	limit	by	gathering	souls	from	this	world.
So	let’s	just	use	souls	from	a	different	world	instead!
…Yeah,	if	it	were	that	easy	to	become	a	god,	lots	of	people	would	do	it.
Although	I	guess	I’m	not	one	to	talk,	since	I	became	a	god	by	accident…
But	this	is	why	he	was	gathering	the	reincarnations,	huh?
Poor	Ms.	Oka,	who’s	been	trying	so	hard	for	their	sake…
“Well,	I	imagine	Potimas	didn’t	really	think	this	would	work	to	turn	him	into
Page 222
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 229 (PDF index) ---
a	god	either,	y’know?	It	was	just	a	tiny	possibility.”
“But	 it	 looks	 like	 he	 put	 a	 whole	 lot	 of	 effort	 into	 carefully	 researching	 the
theory	and	making	equipment	for	it…?”
“That’s	just	how	Potimas	does	things.”
The	 text	 on	 the	 screen	 displays	 thorough	 records	 of	 machinery	 in
development,	equations	for	the	experiments,	and	so	on.
From	 the	 looks	 of	 it,	 the	 reason	 he	 made	 a	 point	 of	 preventing	 the
reincarnations	 from	 picking	 up	 skills	 in	 their	 everyday	 life	 is	 so	 their	 souls
wouldn’t	adapt	to	this	world	and	be	altered,	or	something.
I	 dunno,	 it	 seems	 like	 a	 painful	 amount	 of	 effort	 to	 put	 into	 an	 experiment
with	astronomically	small	chances	of	succeeding.
Did	he	really	want	to	be	a	god	that	badly?
Yeah,	I	guess	he	did…
“We’re	 lucky	 he	 was	 so	 extra-cautious	 that	 he	 didn’t	 actually	 get	 around	 to
executing	it.	If	we’d	given	him	another	year,	he	might’ve	finished	the	equipment
and	thrown	all	those	reincarnations	into	a	blender.”
Please	don’t	say	scary	stuff	like	that.
She’s	totally	right,	though.
This	time,	it	worked	out	in	our	favor	that	Potimas	was	always	so	careful.
After	 all,	 he	 does	 have	 a	 track	 record	 of	 actually	 trying	 to	 put	 the	 goddess
Sariel	into	a	blender	and	use	her	for	parts.
“There’s	tons	of	records	of	Potimas’s	other	experiments	here,	too.”
“Whoa,”	I	can’t	help	but	say	aloud.
Potimas’s	research	materials.
I	bet	there’s	all	kinds	of	nasty	stuff	in	there.
“So	I’m	just	gonna	take	a	quick	look	over	everything	and	then	destroy	it.”
“Yeah,	that’s	probably	for	the	best.”
Letting	stuff	like	this	stick	around	would	cause	nothing	but	trouble.
If	anything,	I	don’t	think	there’s	even	any	need	for	the	Demon	Lord	to	check
it	over	first.
“So	that’s	the	deal	here,	anyway.	What	about	on	your	end?”
“Who	do	you	think	you’re	talking	to,	hmm?”
I	totally	nailed	it,	obviously.
I’ve	already	recovered	the	remains	of	the	sea	urchins,	the	pyramid,	and	so	on.
I	put	out	the	fires	so	they	wouldn’t	spread	to	the	rest	of	the	forest,	too.
Not	 to	 mention	 I	 completely	 blew	 up	 the	 secret	 base	 that	 was	 hidden
underground.
Page 223
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 230 (PDF index) ---
Oh	yeah,	and…
“Ms.	Oka	is	the	only	elf	left	alive.”
All	of	the	elves	have	been	obliterated.
After	I	captured	this	UFO	in	my	web,	I	hunted	down	the	last	of	the	elves	with
my	clones.
There	 are	 some	 half-elves	 and	 quarter-elves	 and	 so	 on	 remaining,	 but	 there
are	no	more	pureblood	elves	anywhere	in	this	world.
“Gotcha.	So	once	we	get	rid	of	this	spaceship,	it’s	really	over,	huh?”
“Feeling	emotional?”
“A	bit.”
That	said,	looking	at	her	in	profile,	the	Demon	Lord	looks	quieter	than	usual.
“Oh	yeah.	Hey,	I	kept	my	promise.”
Promise?
Oh,	right.	I	made	her	promise	to	stay	alive.
“I	completed	my	mission	safely,	boss.”
The	Demon	Lord	spins	around	in	her	chair	and	throws	me	a	jovial	salute.
Safely,	huh…?
“Can	you	really	call	that	safe?”
“Hey,	as	long	as	I	didn’t	die.”
The	Demon	Lord	smiles.
Yeah,	right.	She’s	so	close	to	death,	she	can’t	even	get	out	of	that	chair.
The	Demon	Lord	has	no	physical	injuries.
But	there’s	a	very	deep	wound,	not	on	her	body,	but	on	her	soul.
Her	 presence	 used	 to	 carry	 so	 much	 weight,	 but	 now	 she	 seems	 incredibly
frail.
“How	bad	is	it?”
“Hmm.	 Once	 I	 get	 some	 rest,	 I’m	 pretty	 sure	 I’ll	 be	 able	 to	 get	 around
enough	that	it	won’t	hinder	my	everyday	life,	anyway.	The	only	reason	I	can’t
move	 right	 now	 is	 ’cause	 my	 magic’s	 all	 dried	 up.	 Once	 I	 recover	 that,	 I’ll	 at
least	be	able	to	walk	again.”
“In	other	words,	you	can’t	fight.”
“Sure	I	can,	if	you	don’t	mind	me	shortening	my	lifespan	even	further.”
“Demon	Lord…”
“C’mon,	 I’m	 just	 kidding.	 Either	 way,	 I	 don’t	 have	 much	 time	 left.	 I’d	 say
maybe	a	year	or	so.	So	I’ll	be	using	the	last	of	my	life	to	see	things	through	with
my	own	eyes.”
Even	before	this,	the	Demon	Lord’s	lifespan	was	growing	short.
Page 224
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 231 (PDF index) ---
But	I’m	sure	she	still	had	a	while	left	to	go.
And	now,	after	she	shortened	it	in	that	battle,	she’s	only	got	a	year.
“My	role	ends	here.	I	would’ve	liked	to	keep	at	it	a	little	longer,	but	I’ll	have
to	leave	the	rest	to	you,	White.”
“Got	it.”
“So,	you’re	going	to	get	started,	yeah?”
I	nod	at	the	Demon	Lord’s	question.
We’ve	taken	care	of	Potimas,	the	enemy	of	the	world.
The	next	part	of	the	story	is	saving	the	world.
But	while	I’m	going	to	save	the	world,	I	never	said	I	would	save	the	humans.
So	from	this	point	on,	I’ll	be	playing	the	part	of	the	enemy	of	humanity.
Now,	then,	time	to	destroy	humanity	and	save	the	world	and	the	goddess.
Even	if	that	goes	against	the	goddess’s	wishes.
Page 225
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com