--- PAGE 23 ---
LABYRINTH’S ZENITH, I CALL THEE
MOTHER
Several days have passed since I made up my mind to reach the outside.
Exploring the Middle Stratum has been going smoothly.
Yep, it’s been all right so far.
Ever since I crossed the sea of magma where I was attacked by the fire
wyrm and made it to proper land, things have proceeded uneventfully.
That’s right, uneventfully.
In fact, maybe too uneventfully.
Liiiiiiterally nothing is happening, actually.
What I’m trying to say is that all the monsters around here, like the
seahorses that used to attack me at every step, have instead been running
away as soon as they lay eyes on me.
Now, that’s surprising.
Aren’t you guys supposed to be an aggressive species?
Shouldn’t you get all fired up when you see a strong opponent worthy of
your time?
Fleeing is disgraceful for a species supposedly known for its love of
fighting, you see.
I know the reason they’re acting this way, though.
It’s the Fearbringer title I got in the battle with the fire wyrm.
On top of the title applying a “fear” effect to anything within my line of
sight, it also comes with a bonus skill called Intimidation that carries a similar
effect. It’s like I’m the biggest bully in school.
Thanks to that, as soon as other monsters see me, they scatter with their
tails between their legs.

--- PAGE 24 ---
Apparently, the fear effect is strong enough to overcome even a monster’s
most basic impulses.
And unfortunately, I can’t turn off the effects of the title.
I can switch the skill Intimidation on and off, but even when I deactivate
it, the result is the same.
So now all the warlike species of the Middle Stratum have turned into a
bunch of cowards.
Because of that, I haven’t had a single monster battle.
Meaning I can’t get any food or experience points.
I’m fine on the EXP side, I guess.
I’d like to keep earning more and raising my level if possible, but since no
one in the Middle Stratum would dare oppose me, that’s not as big a deal.
On the other hand, I’m about to find myself in a serious food supply
problem.
My only source of nutrition in the labyrinth is the flesh of other creatures.
I won’t have anything to eat if I can’t take down some monsters.
If they were on land, I could ambush them before they could run into the
magma…but apparently, my aura of fear cancels out my Stealth skill or
something, ’cause now everyone notices me long before I get near them.
They book it into the magma before I can touch them.
Once they’re in there, I can’t do a damn thing, y’know?
Argh, I wish I had a fishing line that wouldn’t burn up.
Not that I have bait to use as a lure anyway.
Currently, my red stamina gauge that was nice and full after eating the fire
wyrm, eels, and so on is now slowly but steadily decreasing.
It won’t be an issue this very instant, but I’ll die of starvation once it runs
out. I have to come up with a plan before that happens.
The ideal situation would be to get out of the Middle Stratum and into the
Upper Stratum before it reaches a critical point.
There’s no magma in the Upper Stratum, and with my speed, I could
easily catch any monster that tries to run away.
If it weren’t for this stupid magma, I wouldn’t be having this problem in
the first place.
The most powerful enemy I’ve faced in the whole Middle Stratum is this
hot mess.

--- PAGE 25 ---
Well apparently, I spoke too soon.
Ever since I arrived in the Middle Stratum, or maybe around the time I got
Pride, I’ve been getting a lot stronger.
That’s how I was able to beat the eels, fire wyrm, etcetera, etcetera.
I might’ve gotten a little too full of myself after I won that battle.
There’s always someone who’s stronger than you.
In my case, it’s someone I already knew existed.
As I was traveling through the Middle Stratum, I found a huge hole.
It was a massive shaft that ran through the Middle Stratum to the other
layers, similar to the one I fell through that led to the Lower Stratum.
But the instant I laid eyes on this particular pit, I felt an incredibly strong
sense of danger emanating from it.
Since being reborn in this world, I’ve had countless brushes with danger.
However, I’ve felt an extreme sense of crisis and fear on only three
occasions.
Two of those were when I sighted the earth dragon Araba, a harbinger of
death that I met in the Lower Stratum.
The third time…is slowly coming into view at this very moment.
Eight enormous eyes gleam in the magma’s glow.
Eight legs, so large that they tower like buildings, easily bore holes into
the sheer walls.
In terms of shape, it’s not too far from how I looked before I evolved into
a Zoa Ele.
But the difference in size and presence can only be described as huge.
For the first time since being reborn in this world, I feel overwhelmed
with despair.
Hello, Mother.
Long time, no see.
Looming before me is an enormous spider monster, the one who gave
birth to me.
Even if this is the largest labyrinth in the world, I doubt there are many of
these creatures hanging around. If there were, I’d already be dead.
This must be the same one I saw shortly after being born.
Unfortunately, I can’t Appraise it because it’s so far away.
If I could, I’m sure its stats would be so horrifying that I’d probably have
to laugh.

--- PAGE 26 ---
I am curious, but I definitely don’t want to get any closer.
Despite all the distance between us, my legs are already wobbling.
I don’t need to use Appraise to know in my gut that I should be terrified.
My mother moves slowly down the wall of the pit.
Then another enormous shadow draws near.
This monster is similar to the fire wyrm I defeated earlier, but it’s
definitely one size bigger, plus it has wings.
It must be a higher-ranked monster than the fire wyrm.
In which case, maybe it’s a fire dragon?
This possibly-a-fire-dragon flies toward my mother.
A swarm of Middle Stratum monsters follows close behind.
Ohhhh?! What’s going on?! Is this an epic monster battle?! A territorial
dispute?!
I gulp, swallowing my spit.
It feels like I’m watching a giant monster movie in the theaters.
But instead of seeing things play out on a screen, it’s happening right
before my eyes. This is intense!
My mother and the fire dragon army fiercely stare each other down.
I’m not close enough to Appraise them, so I don’t know their stats, but if
this fire dragon is comparable to that Araba, the fight might be evenly
matched.
In terms of physique, Mother definitely has the advantage, but the fire
dragon has its minions to make up for that.
However, my hopes for a lively monster battle are unexpectedly betrayed
in an instant.
Mother matter-of-factly points her fangs toward the fire dragon and its
army.
Immediately after, the world trembles.
I’m not using the phrase as a metaphor. The ground is actually shaking.
Even though I’m theoretically far removed from the danger zone, the
aftershock is enough to knock me off my feet.
The vibrations run through the ground as if the entire labyrinth itself is
screaming.

--- PAGE 27 ---
If I had to describe it with a sound effect, it’d probably be RATTLE-
RATTLE! or KABOOM!
I don’t really know what kind of attack it was. It was far beyond the scope
of my comprehension.
All I know is, once I get back on my feet, I see a freshly made enormous
crater where the fire dragon army once stood.
Between this and Araba, I gotta say, do super-strong monsters have a
hobby of making craters or what?
Maybe I’ll understand when I’m old enough to be able to make one
myself?
Ha-ha-ha… Okay, enough joking around.
Magma is flowing into the new crater.
Oh, I guess that’s how magma lakes are made?
Huh? Wait. The fire dragon army… There’s not so much as a crumb left
behind!
Apparently satisfied with the results of her destructive attack, Mother
slowly starts going back down into the pit.
Man, I figured she was crazy strong for an Upper Stratum monster, but
this is a whole other level.
I’m sure that species normally makes its home in the Lower Stratum, or
even the Bottom Stratum.
If that thing was wandering around the Upper Stratum all the time, it’d be
enough to destroy the entire ecosystem there.
Maybe she went to the Upper Stratum to lay eggs or something.
Her offspring consists of taratects that are both “small” and “lesser,” after
all.
The fact that such an insanely powerful beast gives birth to such garbage-
level small-fry baby spiders could probably be one of the Seven Wonders of
the Monster World.
O Great Mother! Why couldst thou not hand that incredible strength down
to your children?!
My life in the labyrinth would’ve been so much easier!
Oh, but in that case, I guess the family feuds would get pretty vicious.
Those guys will happily kill and eat their siblings if they’re hungry
enough.
If all of them had the same degree of power as Mother… Yeah, that’d

--- PAGE 28 ---
probably bring down the whole labyrinth.
All right, maybe it’s better this way after all.
Forget the labyrinth—if a massive swarm of monsters that powerful
existed, the whole world could very well collapse.
Aaaand while I was being distracted with these worthless thoughts,
Mother vanished into the pit.
Even after she disappears, I stay in the same place for a while.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Fear Resistance LV 7] has become
[Fear Resistance LV 8].>
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Stealth LV 8] has become [Stealth
LV 9].>

--- PAGE 29 ---

