--- PAGE 36 ---
SPIDER VS FIRE DRAGON
Even after Mother descended into the huge shaft, many minutes passed
before I could no longer sense her presence.
I might have even been standing here for more than an hour.
Finally, I start moving again.
First things first. I put as much distance as possible between the hole my
mother passed through and me.
If I climb up through that pit, I could probably reach the Upper Stratum,
but I have no desire to do that.
I’m scared of Mother. Literally terrified.
Even if my brain can logic out that she won’t find me, my body absolutely
refuses.
Slow and steady wins the race. Or stays alive, at least.
Better to plan for the worst-case scenario. I can’t underestimate how low
my luck stat really is.
Seriously, how unlucky can I get?
<Fire dragon Rend LV 20
Status: HP: 1,709/3,701 (green) (details)
SP: 3,698/3,698 (yellow)
(details)
Average Offensive Ability:
3,281 (details)
Average Magical Ability: 2,645
(details)
Average Speed Ability: 3,175
(details)
MP: 3,122/3,122 (blue) (details)
: 3,665/3,665 (red) +91
(details)
Average Defensive Ability:
3,009 (details)
Average Resistance Ability:
2,601 (details)
Skills:    

--- PAGE 37 ---
[Fire Dragon LV 1] [Imperial Scales LV 8] [HP Rapid Recovery
LV 3]
[MP Auto-Recovery LV
6]
[MP Lessened
Consumption LV 6]
[Magic Power Perception
LV 5]
[Magic Power
Operation LV 4]
[SP Rapid Recovery LV
1]
[SP Minimized
Consumption LV 1]
[Magic Power Attack LV
4]
[Flame Attack LV 9] [Flame Enhancement LV
7]
[Destruction
Enhancement LV 6]
[Cutting Enhancement
LV 2]
[Piercing
Enhancement LV 2]
[Impact Super-
Enhancement LV 2]
[Cooperation LV 10] [Command LV 2] [Spatial Maneuvering
LV 4]
[Hit LV 10]
[Evasion LV 10] [Probability Super-
Correction LV 5]
[Presence Perception
LV 10]
[Danger Perception LV
10]
[Heat Perception LV 3] [Flight LV 7] [High-Speed
Swimming LV 10]
[Fire Magic LV 4]
[Cutting Resistance LV
1]
[Piercing Resistance LV
1]
[Impact Super-
Resistance LV 1]
[Heat Nullification]
[Status Condition
Resistance LV 1]
[Longevity LV 5] [Magic Hoard LV 4] [Instant Body LV 5]
[Endurance LV 5] [Herculean Strength LV
5]
[Sturdy LV 5] [Monk LV 4]
[Talisman LV 3] [Rapid Movement LV 5] [Gluttony LV 2]
>
Skill Points:
30,050
Titles:
   
[Monster Slayer] [Monster Slaughterer] [Commander] [Dragon]
[Champion]
   >
This guy suddenly pops out of the magma lake on the other side of the pit.
Yep. It’s the fire dragon that Mother smacked down earlier.
Wait, so you’re alive? That’s crazy.
You got blown all the way over here by Mother’s attack, but you
somehow managed to survive?
Unreal! That’s ridiculous!
This is no time to be impressed with the fire dragon’s will to live!
This thing looks really mad that Mother waled on it!

--- PAGE 38 ---
Also, it’s totally locked on to me!
I have nothing to do with her, okay?!
Oh, wait. She is my parent, so technically, I’m not entirely unrelated, huh?
Okay, who cares about that right now?!
Hey, this guy is faster than me!
I’ve been stuck in a few situations now where I haven’t been able to run
away for one reason or another, but this is the first time the reason is because
I’m outmatched in pure speed.
I can’t escape!
This means I’m gonna have to prepare for the worst.
I kick Parallel Minds up to max synchronization level.
The fire dragon and I face each other down.
To be honest, I don’t know if I stand a chance.
Its stats are definitely higher than mine.
It’s got an attribute advantage over me, too.
Worst of all is that Status Condition Resistance skill.
As the name implies, it increases the dragon’s resistance to my condition-
inflicting attacks.
On top of its already high resistance stat, it’s safe to assume that this
thing’s defense is insanely high.
I specialize in status conditions, you know.
So that’s another advantage it has over me.
And its skill list is pretty stacked, too.
I’ve fought plenty of monsters with higher stats than me before, but
usually, I had the advantage in the skills department.
But while I might still have a higher number of skills, this fire dragon’s
skills are as good or even better than mine.
Some are the same as mine, some are higher level, and some are even
evolved.
So I lose in terms of stats and skills.
And as a bonus, it’s got the type advantage over me.
Nevertheless, I have to do it.
If I can’t win somehow, this is where I die.
I steel myself.
It’s not like I have no chance of winning at all.
Thanks to Mother’s attack, my opponent’s HP has been reduced.

--- PAGE 39 ---
However, the odds still lean toward my defeat.
I don’t intend to lose, since I’m scared of dying, but I have to accept that
it’s a distinct possibility.
So I guess it’s time to put my words into action. I’m gonna shine like a
comet until I burn away to nothing.
I don’t intend to die, but if I do, I want to go out in a blaze of glory.
Do you want to kill me, fire dragon?
Then you better be ready to come at me with everything you’ve got.
I’m not so weak that you can take me out without so much as a scratch,
you know!
As I steady my resolve, I turn on the Intimidation skill that I’ve been
keeping off.
My Evil Eyes are at full throttle.
Activate Magic Warfare, Mental Warfare, and Wyrm Power
simultaneously.
Begin constructing magic spells.
Apparently getting the message, the fire dragon covers its body with
flames.
“Fire Dragon” must be the evolved form of the “Fire Wyrm” skill.
So I guess it makes sense that it can use the abilities of Fire Wyrm, too.
One of which is Flame Wrap, which is acquired at Fire Wyrm level 8.
It’s an advanced version of the Fire Wyrm level-2 ability Heat Wrap,
literally wreathing the user in an intense blaze.
On top of that, the heat generated increases the user’s physical
capabilities.
Apparently, the fire dragon recognizes me as a strong enemy that isn’t to
be trifled with.
Neither of us underestimates the other.
The curtain opens on a fierce, no-holds-barred battle.
The fire dragon spits a fireball.
It seems to be testing the waters rather than engaging in a serious attack.
Still, considering I’m especially weak to fire, it could easily wipe me out
in one blow if I take a direct hit.
Not to mention, even this casual shot is on par with a fire wyrm’s full-
power fireballs.
I evade it with all my might.

--- PAGE 40 ---
Thanks to the combination of Hit and Probability Super-Correction, it’s
not easy to dodge.
Even the dragon’s weakest attacks require every bit of my Enhancement
and Evasion skills to overcome.
I have to make good use of Thought Acceleration and Foresight.
As the fire dragon spits another fireball, it starts closing the distance
between us.
The fireball is just a distraction—the real attack follows close behind.
Bending its long, snakelike body, the monster whips its enormous tail at
me.
This simple physical attack is augmented with the power of those flames,
an effect that could easily prove fatal to me.
I narrowly avoid this attack as well.
The fire on its tail grazes my body.
That alone is enough to reduce my HP slightly.
If it weren’t for Thought Acceleration giving me time to recognize the fire
dragon’s approach and Foresight predicting its movements, it would’ve been
a much closer call.
For now, my Evasion combo seems to ever so slightly outmatch the fire
dragon’s Hit/Probability combo.
But things aren’t looking good.
No matter how long I fix my Evil Eyes on it, the fire dragon isn’t
becoming paralyzed.
The Cursed Evil Eye is reducing its HP and SP by the tiniest amount, but
it’s having little effect on its stats.
Both abilities are probably butting heads with the dragon’s incredibly high
resistance.
With enough time, I think the Evil Eyes should still take effect, but it’s
not like the fire dragon is going to politely wait around until that happens.
I barely manage to avoid claws that fly at me shortly after the dragon’s tail
recedes.
Feeling cautious after I avoid all its attacks, the fire dragon backs off a
little.
I have only two things going for me at the moment.
One is that the fire dragon isn’t starting out at full health thanks to
Mother’s attack.

--- PAGE 41 ---
Its HP has been cut nearly in half, and while it has stocked up MP as well
as SP thanks to Gluttony, those stocks have been reduced quite a bit.
And since my Cursed Evil Eye is shaving off its HP faster than its HP
Rapid Recovery skill can counter, it won’t be healing anymore.
The other silver lining is that it doesn’t have its army.
The fire dragon’s skills are mostly enhanced versions of the fire wyrm’s.
Naturally, it can do anything a fire wyrm could.
Specifically, I’m thinking of the skill the fire wyrm used to back me into a
corner and cause me all kinds of pain.
Command, an advanced version of the Leadership skill the fire wyrm had.
A skill that can control its minions with even greater power.
Luckily, the dragon’s soldiers have all been wiped out by Mother’s attack.
This is a pure one-on-one fight.
Thank you, O Great Mother!
However, even after taking all that into account, the fire dragon still has
the advantage.
I fire a Poison Shot as I dodge the fire dragon’s attack, but it disappears
before connecting with the dragon’s body.
The effect of Imperial Scales must have weakened the magic’s structure
before it even came into contact with the dragon’s flame-covered body.
And once it did, it was weakened enough that the Flame Wrap simply
evaporated it.
The fire dragon didn’t need to take any evasive action. Its defenses were
enough to nullify the Poison Shot either way.
This monster has attack power that means instant death for me on top of
defense that won’t budge from any weak attacks.
And its speed is higher than mine.
If it feels like it, the fire dragon probably could use its speed plus its
Evasion and Probability Super-Correction skills to avoid Poison Shot, too.
Okay, this officially sucks.
Thanks to my Cursed Evil Eye, the dragon’s HP is slowly decreasing.
But honestly, there’s no way I can bring this huge number down to 0 with
Evil Eyes alone.
I would collapse from exhaustion long before then.
I’m not expecting much in the way of stat decreases, either.
I mean, it is working. A little bit.

--- PAGE 42 ---
But the speed at which its stats are dropping is much slower than when I
use it on other monsters.
It’ll be a long time before the effects of the stat reduction are actually
noticeable, too.
I’m sure I would end up dead before then.
Paralyzing Evil Eye is my best hope for a reversal.
But then again, it’s probably best not to get my hopes up.
That’s because the fire dragon’s Status Condition Resistance skill has just
gone up to level 2.
Hopefully, it had almost all the proficiency it needed already and simply
got lucky. If not, then that means its resistance will go up faster than I can
inflict paralysis.
I don’t think it can ward off the effects completely, but it’s probably too
much to wish for the fire dragon to become completely paralyzed.
There goes another move I can’t count on.
As I rule out more possibilities, my remaining options are getting real
sparse.
The most effective possible method at this point is to clobber the dragon
with enough poison to overwhelm its resistance.
My Deadly Spider Poison is the most lethal attack method of any of my
skills.
Even with Status Condition Resistance, I doubt it could get through that
without a scratch.
But one hit probably won’t be enough to do it in.
I can’t just throw a lucky punch and hope for the best.
I need to be absolutely sure my attacks will hit dead-on.
But Flame Wrap poses a problem.
That fire is so fierce that it whittled down my HP by grazing me.
I have to break through that somehow, or I won’t be able to hit with
enough firepower.
My attacks will just burn up, and me along with them.
Even as my thoughts race, my body brain keeps desperately avoiding the
fire dragon’s effects.
It’s so intense that I give up on attacking completely and concentrate on
dodging.
Even when the magic brain counterattacks with spells, the combo of

--- PAGE 43 ---
Imperial Scales and Flame Wrap brushes them right off.
Even Poison Fog, which I used to massacre so many monsters in the battle
against the fire wyrm, would be useless here.
The fire dragon leaps into the air.
Seeing that, I quickly adjust my Poison Synthesis settings.
Almost immediately afterward, flames burst out from the fire dragon’s
mouth.
An immense breath attack torches the ground.
It’s Inferno Breath, a level-10 Fire Dragon ability.
This wide-range destructive force blows away the nearby earth, melting it
and turning the area into a new magma ocean.
I jump in the nick of time, invoking Weak Poison with Poison Synthesis
at the same time.
I synthesize the largest amount I can and take shelter inside the giant blob
of poison.
Since I set the damage points to the minimum, my HP doesn’t take much
damage.
The moment I entered the poison ball and the moment the breath attack
covered the ground were more or less at the same exact time.
The aftermath alone begins to evaporate the weak poison.
Even though I wasn’t hit directly, my HP still drops.
I stretch a thread up to the ceiling and frantically escape before the poison
evaporates completely.
Then I flee along the ceiling without looking back.
Naturally, the fire dragon chases after me, but at least I escaped the newly
formed magma.
A fireball is bearing down on me.
Kicking off the ceiling, I drop into the air just as the fireball impacts the
spot where I was only moments ago.
Thrown into open space, my body is pulled toward the ground by gravity.
As if it was waiting for that moment, the fire dragon swoops in with its
fangs bared.
I pull on the thread I attached to the ceiling, thin enough that the dragon
would have difficulty seeing it.
At the same time, I synthesize Deadly Spider Poison imbued with the
Paralysis effect.

--- PAGE 44 ---
The fire dragon passes directly beneath me.
Then it goes into a tailspin in midair.
The instant the dragon’s mouth closes, my enhanced vision sees it twist its
body to narrowly avoid swallowing the poison.
My bait-and-switch poison strategy, which has ushered so many Middle
Stratum monsters into their graves, has been defeated.
At least it bought me enough time to get back down to the ground.
But that was a big mistake.
The spot I land on is surrounded by magma, with nowhere to run.
I’m a perfect sitting duck for the fire dragon.
It wasn’t just attacking me with Inferno Breath. There was a deeper
strategy that involved destroying the ground itself to change the flow of the
magma.
No matter where I turn, there’s nowhere to go except up above me, where
the fire dragon has righted itself and is hurtling straight toward me.
I can see in its eyes that it won’t let me escape.
I’m trapped on all sides.
The fire dragon unleashes another Inferno Breath.
Roaring flames engulf my entire body without the slightest resistance.
Then, just like that, my body burns up into nothing, evaporating without
leaving so much as ash.

