--- PAGE 77 ---
FIRST ENCOUNTER WITH AN
ADMINISTRATOR
Since gaining those levels netted me 200 skill points, it’s time to pick up a
new Evil Eye skill.
This time, I’m going with Heavy Evil Eye.
It increases the effect of gravity on any target in my field of vision.
Now I can slow my opponent’s movements with Heavy Evil Eye, weaken
them with Cursed Evil Eye, and finally seal their movements completely with
Paralyzing Evil Eye.
My triple-threat Evil Eye combo is complete!
This whole arrangement is based on the goal of stopping my enemies in
their tracks.
I already have plenty of other moves for attacking.
If I have to, I can always pick up some magic skill or other for 100 points.
Huh? Why don’t I just do that in the first place, you ask?
I’ve gotten a little obsessed with the whole Evil Eye thing, but if my stats
are anything to go by, I think I’m supposed to specialize in magic?
Does that mean I should really be focusing on only magic skills in the first
place?
C’mon, that’s not true.
At least, let’s say it isn’t.
I’m definitely not getting hung up on this simply because I like the idea of
having eight different Evil Eyes at once.
I’m not, okay?
Anyway, I’ll be saving the rest of these points for a while.
I don’t know how many more I’ll get as an evolutionary bonus.

--- PAGE 78 ---
I’ll adjust my strategy based on that as I go on.
If I get a really big amount, I might even be able to aim for skills that’ve
been too expensive to get so far, like Sloth.
Aaanyway.
Its usefulness in any kind of battle isn’t the only reason I picked Heavy
Evil Eye.
Now, let’s test this out. Evil Eye Activate!
Oof! What’re you doing, information brain?!
What do you mean, what? I’m increasing my own gravity.
It’s heavy!
Well, I was thinking. What is it I lack, if anything? Muscle, of course!
Great, here comes a speech.
When the Z warriors trained in super-high gravity, they became strong
enough to defeat the ultrapowerful enemies who came after them!
Yeah, yeah. I get what you’re saying and all, but it’s making de-scaling
kinda difficult, you know.
Well, the whole point is to get used to it by keeping it active all the time.
Great idea! Good luck, body brain!
Let’s try one thousand times the gravity next!
No, that’d kill me!
So, yeah. I decided to try applying extra gravity to myself all the time.
If I’m constantly using it on myself, I bet it’ll raise my physical stats, not
to mention give me more Evil Eye proficiency points to boot.
It might even increase my Herculean Strength skill level or something.
Since this Evil Eye skill’s only at level 1, it doesn’t feel like anything but
a little extra weight right now, but I’m sure it’ll be quite a burden once it
levels up.
Then, if I deactivate it during battle and return to normal gravity, I’ll get
to have a “remove the power limiter”-type moment!
Sweet.
I’m definitely gonna yell “RELEASE RESTRAINTS!” or something
when I do it.
Well, I can’t actually speak, but you know what I mean.
Huh?! My Space Perception is reacting to something!
A distortion in the air?
I’ve never experienced this before, but somehow, I know exactly what’s

--- PAGE 79 ---
happening.
Teleportation.
Something is about to teleport here.
I have no way of stopping it.
At my Spatial Magic level, I can’t even teleport myself, never mind
interfere with someone else’s ability to do so.
Judging by the distortion in space I’m sensing, I’m guessing whoever’s
teleporting here must be really good at Spatial Magic.
That means they’re way stronger than me, at least when it comes to
Spatial Magic.
Most concerning of all is that they’re using magic in the first place.
That means, without a doubt, that the user must be on a very high level of
intelligence.
So far, I haven’t seen a single monster use magic.
Even the fire dragon I defeated earlier is no exception.
It had magic skills, but it never once used them.
That’s only natural.
Magic involves a very complicated process of composing spells.
The user needs a certain amount of intellect to be able to accomplish that.
In the fire dragon’s case, it was far more effective to use its own skills to
create fireballs than trying to construct magic spells.
There may be some monster species that can use magic, but they have
simpler and more powerful skills to use instead.
However, whatever’s about to teleport here is utilizing some seriously
complicated magic.
Which means it must have a specific reason for coming here.
But what could that be?
All that’s here is…me.
In other words, it must be coming here because of me.
I can’t imagine that it’s just teleporting here by coincidence.
All this reasoning flashes through my mind in seconds with Thought
Acceleration.
I stand on guard.
The air cracks open, and a man appears.
A very dark man.
I don’t know how else to explain it.

--- PAGE 80 ---
He’s wearing black armor so tight, it’s as if it’s part of his body.
The small section of his face that’s visible is dark, too.
So is his hair.
Only his eyes are eerily red.
I know the moment I lay eyes on this guy:
I can’t win here.
He’s on a different level.
And something else confirms this suspicion.
<Cannot be Appraised>
Those words.
Yet, for some reason, I don’t feel like I’m in danger.
In fact, I feel a strange sense of kinship with this man.
And at the same time, I feel a little bit of irritation toward him.
Why is that?
I’ve definitely never met this dark man before.
I don’t know why I would feel this way toward such a strange figure
appearing out of nowhere.
What in the world are these feelings?
“*********?”
The man speaks.
But I don’t recognize the language.
Without thinking, I tilt my head.
“+++++++++?”
The man says something else.
Could you please speak Japanese?
Otherwise I’m not gonna understand.
No hablo…whatever language this world uses.
The man frowns.
Hmm.
Well, he doesn’t seem hostile at the moment.
But what do I do?
I don’t understand him, and even if I did, I can’t talk.
I could probably communicate in writing, but all I know is Japanese.
Either way, we wouldn’t be able to understand each other.
This is a problem.
The man seems a bit flummoxed as well.

--- PAGE 81 ---
As we stand in awkward silence, something suddenly drops onto the
ground between us.
It’s a smartphone.
Huh?
Wait a sec.
It’s weird enough that a smartphone exists here at all, but how did it
appear in front of me like that?
This thing just popped up out of nowhere without my Detection picking
up anything!
“Hello? This is Administrator D speaking.”
A voice suddenly comes out of the smartphone.
Two voices, in fact.
One speaks in Japanese, and one is a language I’ve never heard before.
No, wait, is it the language the guy was speaking earlier?
“******?!”
Ah, the man sounds really surprised.
Which means the other language is the one he was speaking before: the
language of this world.
“Yes. This is D. Ms. Spider, please wait a moment.”
Oh, okay.
I was asked to wait, so that’s what I’ll do.
The voice on the smartphone speaks with the man in this parallel world’s
language.
It’s a woman’s voice.
A very beautiful voice, but deeply unsettling for some reason.
It’s that sort of thing.
She speaks in a flat, emotionless tone that’s kind of frightening, too.
What’s going on here?
Just hearing her voice is enough to make me tremble.
With each new statement, the man’s expression changes.

--- PAGE 82 ---

--- PAGE 83 ---
The changes are pretty minor, but I can see his eyebrows furrowing or his
eyes widening.
Eventually, the conversation seems to reach a stopping point. The man
heaves a long sigh and turns around.
Then he teleports away with Spatial Magic, just like that.
Leaving me alone with the mysterious smartphone.
“Thank you for waiting. I’ve had a word with my friend there, so he
shouldn’t be bothering you anymore.”
Oh, I see.
Wait, who are you anyway?
“I am D.”
Oh, okay.
?!
Wait, what?!
Did you just read my mind?!
“Yes. I did.”
That’s an invasion of my privacy!
“Well, since you can’t speak, I had to take temporary measures. I
wouldn’t normally go so far as to read your mind.”
Normally? So does that mean you’ve been monitoring me this whole
time?
“‘Monitoring’ isn’t the most pleasant way to put it. I think ‘spectating’
would be more fitting.”
Whatever.
Either way, you’re a stalker, right?
“I suppose. I simply never get tired of watching you.”
D… Now I remember.
I heard that name when I got the Wisdom skill.
“Yes. That was a reward for how hard you’ve worked. I’m pleased you
seem to be making such effective use of it.”
So what’s your goal here?
“Amusement, that’s all.”
Huh?
“Simple amusement, nothing more. I have no deeper motives or purpose
than that.”
Seriously?

--- PAGE 84 ---
“Yes. After all, I am this world’s most evil god.”
Everything about this sounds absurd, but for some reason, it doesn’t seem
like you’re lying.
It’s like I really am hearing the thoughts of an evil god who thinks of me
as a plaything or something but bears me no ill will.
Given how much my body is shaking of its own accord, I guess I might
actually believe that the person speaking really is an evil god.
“Of course I am. As an evil god, nothing pleases me more than watching
people struggle and suffer.”
Then was this whole world made for your entertainment?
“I’m afraid not. From this world’s point of view, I am an outsider.”
What’s that supposed to mean?
“I’m afraid I cannot tell you any more. If you knew everything, it would
be quite boring.”
So you’re just going to keep toying with me.
“Indeed. So please continue to entertain me by struggling with everything
you have. Perhaps then you’ll find the answers you’re looking for?”
Why, you…!
“Well, until next time.”
The smartphone disappears.
Without the slightest hint of a distortion in space.
That was my first encounter with Administrator D and the Administrator
called Black.

