--- PAGE 91 ---
MIDDLE STRATUM CLEARED
I eat.
And eat.
And eat.
It’s bitter.
So bitter.
Bitter, just a little sweet, and sad.
<Proficiency has reached the required level. Skill [Taboo LV 8] has become [Taboo
LV 9].>
I’ve been proceeding through the Middle Stratum without any incident worth
mentioning since my encounter with the self-proclaimed “evil god” D or
whatever.
I still don’t really know what that was all about.
The possibility that it was the real thing and not just “self-proclaimed”
scares me.
At any rate, since D could read my mind, I know they must be far, far
stronger than I am.
If D really did give me the Wisdom skill, they must be an administrator.
But either way, that doesn’t really change anything.
I don’t even understand what an administrator is.
If I had to guess, I’d say they probably manage the skills that exist in this
world.
But that’s only a guess, and even if it’s true, I don’t know what the

--- PAGE 92 ---
significance is.
Before I acquired Wisdom, it did cross my mind that all these skills and
stats were very gamelike, but I didn’t really question it.
This is a parallel world, so I just assumed that’s how things are here.
But if there are “administrators” who manage the skill system, there must
be some purpose behind it.
I wouldn’t think that if skills just existed as a natural phenomenon of this
world, but when you throw in beings with intentions of their own, I have to
assume there’s some deeper reason.
Otherwise, why would someone make such a big, elaborate system?
Ugh, I dunno.
If D really is an administrator, I guess it’s not impossible they’d make this
whole thing just for the sake of entertainment…
That would explain all the gamelike mechanics, too.
But no, there must be a much deeper goal far beyond my understanding!
Otherwise, that would mean this whole world exists as a sideshow for D’s
amusement.
I don’t like the sound of that.
Who would just roll over and accept it if they found out they’re only a
plaything?!
But I do know one thing about D.
The smartphone, the fluent command of Japanese…several signs pointing
straight to Japan.
D must be somehow connected to Earth.
In which case, D might also know why I was reincarnated into this world.
If there really is a “next time,” maybe I’ll try asking about it.
Although I have no idea if D will give me a clear answer.
Aside from that, I don’t have enough information to do anything but
speculate.
So I have to conclude there’s no point in racking my brains about “D,”
“administrators,” and all that jazz any further.
Honestly, it’s not like I can do anything about it anyway.
If beings that can control the skill system want to mess with me, I doubt I
could put up much resistance.
Trying to go against an administrator would be like trying to stop a meteor
from destroying the earth.

--- PAGE 93 ---
That’s not the kinda thing I can win against.
Not just D, either. The dark guy who showed up in front of me earlier
seemed way more powerful than me, too.
Since he used that mysterious language I’d never heard before, I’m
guessing he’s a native of this world.
Though since Appraisal didn’t work, I couldn’t confirm if he’s human.
There’s always someone stronger.
And there’s no limit to how far up that goes.
I feel like I’ve been made even more aware of that now.
No matter how much I improve my skills and level up, that’s all just
transient power given to me by the “administrators.” If they felt like it, they
could take it away anytime.
Never mind a contest of strength. I wouldn’t even be able to qualify for
the game.
Well, there’s no point in worrying about all that now.
I might as well forget about evil gods, administrators, and everything else
unless they bother me again.
In the meantime, I’ll just keep concentrating on escaping the Middle
Stratum.
And I’m not likely to suddenly lose all my skills and levels unless I get
more involved with those guys (I hope), plus there’s no harm in raising them
anyway, so I might as well keep doing that.
I can’t quite shake a little bit of anxiety, but this is all I can do, so I might
as well do it to the best of my ability.
So I keep walking through the Middle Stratum, working on my skills as I
go.
I inspect my skills as I proceed.
The new skills I got from defeating the fire dragon—Dimensional
Maneuvering, Dragon Power, and Spatial Magic—are all super-useful.
As I guessed, Dimensional Maneuvering allows me to perform double
jumps in midair.
When I activate it, near-invisible footholds appear in the air, and I can
dash around by kicking off them.
Since it’s level 1 right now, the footholds are too fragile for me to run at

--- PAGE 94 ---
full speed, but once it levels up some, I should be able to move just as freely
through the air as I can on the ground.
It does use up my red stamina, but considering its effect, that’s not that
surprising.
Dragon Power is an improved form of Wyrm Power. When I activate it, it
consumes MP and SP to temporarily increase my stats.
In addition, when it’s active, I can use some of a dragon’s abilities.
Specifically, the magic obstruction effect and breath attacks.
With Dragon Power activated, I can cover myself in the same magic-
dispersing power seen in dragons’ scale skills.
Testing out the breath part, I discover it produces some kind of Dark
attribute attack.
Neither of them is as powerful as the real thing, of course, but they’re
nonetheless quite strong.
Since Spatial Magic is still low-level, I can’t do any useful spells yet.
Once it levels up, I’m sure it’ll be useful, so I’m going to try and level it
up over time.
Unfortunately, both Dimensional Maneuvering and Dragon Power
consume SP.
Since monsters are still avoiding me like the plague, I’m having trouble
getting any food.
That means I can’t recover SP, so I have to avoid using it whenever
possible.
Ultimately, that means even though I got these nice new skills, I can’t
level them up at all!
I’m loaded with MP, though, so I’m focusing on skills that use that for
now.
Various magic types, Poison Synthesis, Magic Warfare, Evil Eye skills,
and so on.
My Shadow Magic skill reached level 10.
The offshoot skill I got as a result was Dark Magic.
Even maxed out, Shadow Magic is still kinda sketchy, so I’m planning to
work on Dark Magic instead.
I maxed out Poison Synthesis and Poison Magic, too.
For some reason, they both produced sort of unexpected skills: Medicine
Synthesis and Healing Magic, respectively.

--- PAGE 95 ---
I guess maybe it’s true what they say about one man’s poison being
another man’s cure or whatever?
At any rate, this means I finally have the means to heal myself.
Up until now, my recovery’s depended on leveling up and HP Auto-
Recovery, so being able to heal wounds whenever I want is huge.
That being said, it’s still pretty low-level. And since my HP is full, I can’t
test out its effects just yet.
If I get a chance sometime, maybe I’ll reduce my own HP so I can test it.
I also maxed out Heretic Magic.
But you’ll never guess what god-awful skill derived from that.
Taboo.
Luckily, it didn’t level up, but I thought my heart was gonna stop for a
second.
Actually, even though it definitely didn’t level up at that moment, it’s hit
level 9 at some point without my noticing.
One more level and it’ll be maxed out.
This could be really bad.
A few of my Evil Eyes maxed out, too.
Cursed Evil Eye evolved into Jinx Evil Eye.
This Evil Eye transfers the HP and stuff reduced by the curse over to me.
It also deals more damage than before, so definitely an improvement over
the first form.
I can’t absorb stats or anything, but being able to absorb SP is very cool.
Combined with eating, now I can get even more SP out of enemies!
Paralyzing Evil Eye evolved, too, into Inert Evil Eye.
Instead of simple paralysis, this apparently inflicts an attribute similar to
being frozen in time.
With paralysis, monsters could still twitch and squirm a little, but now
they’ll be frozen solid.
I’m guessing this is a combination of paralysis and some attribute I’m not
familiar with.
Although I can’t say for sure, since I don’t see any attribute like that in the
skill list.
Well, either way, I’ve still won as soon as this takes effect, so that just
means I’ve gotten that much stronger.
Heavy Evil Eye has leveled up, but I obtained it only a short while ago, so

--- PAGE 96 ---
it isn’t maxed out yet.
Instead, since I’ve been using it on myself this whole time, I got a
resistance skill to counteract the extra weight.
Unfortunately, this skill is kind of reducing the effectiveness of my
muscle training. Dammit.
Lastly, Telescopic Sight.
This ended up evolving into Clairvoyance.
It improves on the effects of Telescopic Sight and adds an X-ray effect.
Now I can see through walls to the scenery on the other side.
However, it’s not quite as cool as the “seeing anywhere in the world”
effect you think of when you hear “Clairvoyance.”
In the end, it’s just an extension of Telescopic Sight.
But thanks to Clairvoyance, I’ve started to notice something.
A long slope, climbing upward.
It’s been a long journey.
I’ve gone through a lot of troubles along the way.
But now I can finally settle down.
And leave this god-awful hellhole behind.
Good to see you again, Upper Stratum.
I fell into the Lower Stratum, encountered a dreadful beast, and ran for my
life.
I traveled all over the awful hellscape so hot it constantly drained my HP.
I came close to death many times.
But I made it back.
I survived! I made it!

