--- PAGE 252 ---
AFTERWORD
Hello there. It’s me, Okina Baba, whose daily routine is to unleash a
mysterious groan as my wild delusions implode on themselves.
Just today, I was under the delusion that Volume 3 went on sale!
Huh? That wasn’t a delusion?
And there’s a volume of manga now, too?
Ha-ha-ha. You’re such a joker, dear reader.
For real?!
So, the manga edition of Spider is now on sale as well.
When I was first approached about the manga, I thought my ears were
deceiving me.
I mean, a manga means pictures, right?
Don’t you know what the protagonist of this story is?
She’s a spider, that’s what!
No way is anyone going to want to draw or look at that.
Not to mention, there are quite a few other scenes that probably should
never be drawn, either.
However, when I got to see the completed manga with my own eyes, all
those absurd fears vanished immediately.
The protagonist is drawn in a lively and comical way, never once giving
off the grossness of a spider.
It’s not like what I imagined—it’s even better.
Asahiro Kakashi, the artist of the manga version, has done a wonderful
job.
At this point, I can’t even count the number of times I’ve thought, Is
Kakashi a genius or what?!
Please do give it a read.
Now, it appears we’ve reached the third volume of Spider.
I don’t know whether to say “It’s already Volume 3” or “It’s only Volume

--- PAGE 253 ---
3.”
Considering the story as a whole, we’re basically just wrapping up the
opening act now, so maybe it’s better to say “only.”
The web version isn’t complete yet, either, but we still have a ways to go
before the print novel version catches up.
Our spider’s battle has only just begun!
I feel like she’s already been battling nonstop for three volumes, but still,
there’s a long way to go from here!
Now, let me say a few words of thanks.
To Tsukasa Kiryu, who always brings the world of So I’m a Spider to life
so beautifully.
To Asahiro Kakashi, who does a wonderful job of telling the story of
Spider in exciting manga form.
To my editor K, and everyone else who worked hard to bring this book
into the world.
And to everyone who has picked up this book now.
Thank you very much.

--- PAGE 254 ---
Thank you for buying this ebook, published by Yen On.
To get news about the latest manga, graphic novels, and light novels from
Yen Press, along with special offers and exclusive content, sign up for the
Yen Press newsletter.
Sign Up
Or visit us at www.yenpress.com/booklink

