--- PAGE 247 ---
 THE DEMON LORD’S MEMORIES
OF THE EARTH DRAGON
“Balto, have you ever encountered a dragon?”
The sudden question makes me tilt my head quizzically even as I answer.
“I have not. A wyrm, yes, but not a dragon.”
“Right, of course.”
The Demon Lord seems content with my answer.
Slouching in her chair with her feet up on the table, she isn’t exactly the
picture of class.
But I doubt anyone alive would be able to tell this one off, so I have no
choice but to pretend not to notice.
White sits quietly in one corner of the room.
Unlike the Demon Lord, she’s quite well behaved, but because of her
already eerie nature, her perfect posture only makes her seem that much more
mysterious.
“Did something happen to prompt such a question, My Lord?”
I regret the question as soon as I ask it.
It’s not as if this is the first time she’s asked something so spontaneously.
Why would I ask a question when I want this conversation to wrap up as
quickly as possible?
“Hmm? Oh, I was just doing a little thinking about the past, heh. I’ve
actually fought an earth dragon and stuff, y’know.”
To be honest, that doesn’t really surprise me.
Dragons are particularly special, even among monsters.
Normally, just seeing one is rare enough, but the Demon Lord just
casually remarked that she’s fought one.

--- PAGE 248 ---
From anyone else, that would be preposterous, but for her, it’s alarmingly
probable.
“Earth dragons are a pretty proud bunch,” the Demon Lord remarks.
“Those guys definitely have the blood of samurai in their veins.”
That’s all well and good for you, but what exactly is a samurai?
I’m curious, but if I ask about it, this little chat will only get longer.
Just talking to the Demon Lord can shorten your life span, as far as I’m
concerned.
I must restrain myself from asking questions that would prolong the
conversation.
“I’ve seen lots of different dragons, but thinking back, earth dragons were
probably the most decent ones.”
The Demon Lord offhandedly drops another bombshell statement.
Lots of different dragons.
Is that true?
The scary part is, since it’s the Demon Lord saying it, it might really be
so.
Again, I’m intrigued, but it’s probably better not to ask.
“Whoops, sorry. Listen to me rambling on.”
“Not at all.”
“So, can I count on you to prepare for the attack on the elf village?”
“As you wish, O Demon Lord.”

--- PAGE 249 ---

