--- PAGE 52 ---
 THE HERO’S MASTER
It is time for my daily magic power control practice.
I cycle the magical energy through my body. Refining it, increasing its
density.
However, I have been unable to concentrate well of late, so the circulation
is imperfect.
In these past few years, I have felt no small amount of impediment due to
my age, but this current condition stems from a different cause.
“Master. There’s still a lot of postwar work to be done, so please don’t
slip away on me now! And please get rid of all that crazy magic power! Are
you trying to blow this whole place off the map?!”
One of my particularly fussy students has discovered me.
“I am a mage not a secretary, you know.”
“Mage or not, you are in the service of the court, so at least write a
document or two once in a while, please!”
“Do not speak such foolishness. A master’s job is the job of his disciples.
You are a mage of the court as well, so surely you can take care of such
matters on your own?”
“You’re the one saying foolish stuff, old man. As the Renxandt Empire’s
head court mage, you can’t slack off.”
My fool disciple lifts up my body, still in a meditating position, carrying
me away against my will.
Where is your respect for your master?
Truly, such an imbecile I have for a disciple.
“Master. You wouldn’t be thinking something rude about me right now,
would you?”
“If you realize that, then you must surely realize your actions are

--- PAGE 53 ---
deserving of unkind thoughts. This is good. You may be a fool, but at least
you are an observant fool.”
“You just wanted to call me a fool, didn’t you?”
My foolish disciple sighs dramatically.
“All my disciples are fools. The fool who comes crying to me over
paperwork. The fool who becomes a commanding officer despite lacking any
motivation. The fool who fails to understand magic yet pretends to be an
adult. I have shed my heart’s blood to teach you all, yet not one of you fools
has surpassed me yet.”
“Well, sure. You’re the strongest mage in the world, aren’t you, Master?
We can’t really surpass that very easily.”
“Harrumph! ‘Strongest mage in the world,’ indeed. The strongest human
mage, perhaps. But there are those in this world who far surpass me in power.
That master, for example…”
The image of the one whose mastery of the occult was beyond
understanding is still clearly etched in my mind.
I have never once forgotten the divine appearance of the person whose
power approached godhood.
There are some creatures in this world, like that master, who would likely
never be surpassed by mere humans.
“What? No way. There can’t be any creatures that surpass you, Master!
You didn’t even break a sweat defeating that demon general, remember?”
True enough, in the war when all those demons attacked at once, I was
able to take down their commander.
However, this brings me little pride.
“Demons are just humans with a little more hair. Pathetic. Humans and
demons, crushed together in one tiny vessel. We do not understand how small
and insignificant our lives truly are.”
After seeing that master, I find little distinction between humans and
demons.
It can be said that demons boast stronger stats than humans, but from my
point of view, the difference is virtually insignificant.
“Master. I know I’ve said this before, but don’t say things like that to
anyone but us, all right? You are free to admire that master and debase
yourself if you really wish, but you remain the strongest mage.”
“Yes, of that I am well aware.”

--- PAGE 54 ---
“I hope so. You talk about that master to anyone who will listen, it seems.
There are some elder folk who were directly hurt by it, so please try to refrain
from mentioning it, all right?”
“As I said, I understand. Do not trouble me with such mundane concerns.”
“In fact, you yourself were near fatally injured back then, were you not? I
have a hard time understanding how you could still admire it in spite of all
that.”
“I was conceited back then. But that master truly opened my eyes to the
fact that there is always someone stronger than oneself. I became aware of the
smallness of my existence. I am thankful from the bottom of my heart for my
encounter with that master.”
It was sixteen years ago when I met that master, while I was at the peak of
my confidence.
I truly believed I was the strongest in all the world and that I had truly
mastered magic.
But that encounter neatly shattered my overgrown ego.
“I was a fool back then. So anyone who cannot share my enlightenment
now is a fool as well.”
“Yes, yes.”
My foolish disciple is barely listening now.
“Especially foolish are the disciples who cannot understand this and die
before me.”
Several of my disciples were killed in this battle. Mere children, far
younger than I.
Among them was my fool disciple who was manipulated into misjudging
his own abilities by the title of Hero, and thus hastened his own death.
The fool disciple who held the naive desire to save the entire world with
his meager skills.
Saving something so large can be accomplished only if one is willing to
become, perhaps, a god.
A single individual can save only so many, no matter how strong they
might be.
We must focus on trying to save what is visible to us, and no more.
That is the most we mere humans can hope for.
But that fool disciple never understood that, even in the end.
Why do I go on trying to teach these foolish disciples?

--- PAGE 55 ---
Only in the hopes of giving them the power to protect themselves, if
nothing else.
But as soon as they gain even a little power, they also grow arrogant.
They believe they can save others, and in the end, they cannot even
protect themselves.
“Disturbing my concentration during magical power practice is already
insolent enough. Fool disciples should never die before their master.”
The fool disciple carrying me makes no response to my doleful murmur.

