--- PAGE 97 ---
ESCAPE
Katia passes out in my arms.
Her wounds are healed completely, but the HP and emotional energy she
lost won’t come back so easily.
I do a quick Appraisal and breathe a sigh of relief when I see that her life
isn’t in immediate danger.
At the same time, I confirm that Hugo’s brainwashing has been undone.
When she started to faint, I saw magic come flying out of her.
In a panic, I create a wall of ice, blocking the flying spell.
“Shun! Don’t lose focus!”
Hyrince’s words remind me we’re still surrounded.
He’s holding a large shield on his left arm while carrying Anna with his
right.
Normally, he’d block attacks with the shield in one hand and cut down the
enemy with a sword in the other, but since he’s holding the unconscious
Anna, he’s solely focused on defense.
Still, he’s been doing an incredible job of using the size and weight of the
enormous shield to bash the enemy back.
Seeing this, the other soldiers are too frightened to try to attack.
To be frank, no ordinary soldiers can stop us.
There’s a huge difference in our stats, and if we really wanted to, we
could easily knock down all the people surrounding us.
But I’d rather avoid that if possible.
No matter how strong we are—no, because we’re so strong—if we fight
without holding back, people will die.
I could try to restrain myself, but I’ve got Katia, and Hyrince is holding
Anna.

--- PAGE 98 ---
And there are quite a few enemy soldiers, not just one.
I’m not so overconfident to think I can control my strength properly in
this situation.
While Leston and Klevea are stronger than the average soldier, they’re not
as strong as Hyrince and me.
Only Ms. Oka can thoroughly dominate the soldiers in this battle, but she
seems to have bigger problems on her hands.
“Fancy meeting you here.”
Sophia stands in Ms. Oka’s way, facing her down.
“Negi…”
“Didn’t I tell you not to call me by that name?”
Ms. Oka starts to say something, but Sophia cuts her off.
Even though I’m not directly involved in the standoff, I feel
overwhelming pressure that sends a shiver down my spine.
Negi…?
What’s she talking about?
No, now’s not the time to worry about that.
“Oh, here. Present for you, Ms. Oka.”
Sophia tosses something toward her.
It leaves a trail of red liquid on the ground as it rolls to Ms. Oka’s feet.
As soon as I catch a glimpse of it, my throat threatens to close up.
“P…Potimas?!”
Potimas, the goodwill ambassador of the elves, who was with Ms. Oka the
first time we met in this world.
“I-it can’t be!”
The object on the ground is, beyond any doubt, his freshly severed head.
Watching Ms. Oka fly into a panic, Sophia smiles pleasantly and licks the
blood off her hands.
“How disgusting. Perhaps his rotten personality made his blood taste
bad?”
“You did this…to Potimas?”
“What other explanation could there be?”
Sophia shows genuine curiosity toward Ms. Oka’s cry of disbelief.
“But you…!”
“You’re not going to say I could never kill anyone, are you? You’ve done
plenty of killing yourself, after all. This isn’t Japan. The same rules don’t

--- PAGE 99 ---
apply here, and you know it.”
Ms. Oka has killed people?
No. Knowing her, if that’s true, it’s only because the situation didn’t leave
her any other option.
Right now, Sophia’s other lines are more important.
Her words seem to imply she’s almost certainly a reincarnation herself.
If that’s the case, it would explain why Ms. Oka knows her, and why she
might be working with Hugo, another reincarnation.
And in that case, if she can still murder people without a second thought,
then I have no more chance of reaching an understanding with her than with
Hugo.
Ms. Oka must feel the same way. Though still in shock, she’s clearly
prepared to do battle with Sophia.
“Ms. Oka, you want to fight me? Oh, stop. Master told me not to lay a
hand on you.”
Master?
Does she mean Hugo?
But then…something seems wrong about that.
“But I suppose you give me no choice. It’s not my fault if it’s just self-
defense, right?”
Sophia takes a step forward.
As she does so, Ms. Oka launches a Wind Magic spell at her.
But while it should’ve been more than enough to blow a human body
away, it loses power as it approaches Sophia. By the time it reaches her, it’s
barely strong enough to ruffle her hair a little.
It’s happening again.
Just like in the castle, magic doesn’t work on her.
It evaporates as if she’s broken it up somehow.
She must have a skill that nullifies magic.
I don’t know what it is, but it’s probably best to assume that no magic can
touch her.
If so, Ms. Oka is in danger.
Since Ms. Oka is an elf, magic is probably the core of her fighting
technique.
Elves’ physical growth is slower than humans’, so they tend to have low
physical stats.

--- PAGE 100 ---
She looks a lot younger than us, even though she was probably born
around the same time we were in this world.
I know that appearances don’t always accurately reflect stats, but as far as
I can tell from what I’ve seen so far, Ms. Oka specializes in magic more than
physical attacks.
She might be able to handle physical combat to a certain extent, but she
doesn’t even have a weapon.
This Sophia girl is way too scary to challenge unarmed.
I don’t see how she can win.
“Ms. Oka!”
The second I move to help my teacher, I’m stopped by a blade whizzing
past my eyes.
It’s a round throwing weapon that practically grazes my nose on its way
by.
A chakram?
Changing its trajectory in midair as if it has a will of its own, the chakram
whips back toward me.
I knock it away with a sword, searching for its owner.
My Presence Detection skill alerts me to a figure standing on the roof.
All in black, the figure looks just like a ninja.
“Ngh!”
Turning around to seek the source of the short grunt, I see Hyrince being
attacked by another black-clad assailant.
The ninja’s movements seem about on par with Hyrince’s, but since
Hyrince is holding the unconscious Anna, he’s hard-pressed to keep up.
“Ahh!”
A cry of pain from my other side draws my attention to Ms. Oka, who’s
being lifted into the air by the throat by Sophia.
Shit!
Hyrince is barely keeping up with the ninja, and Leston and Klevea have
their hands completely full with the other soldiers.
Every time I try to move, the flying chakram cuts me off, so I can’t even
take a step toward anyone.
Worst of all, if I make one wrong move now, Sophia might snap Ms.
Oka’s neck.
Shit. This could be the end.

--- PAGE 101 ---
“Swooping in to the rescue in your time of need!”
A strangely out-of-place line echoes telepathically in my mind.
At the same time, a loud whoosh cuts through the air above.
Something dives toward us out of the sky, shining as if reflecting the light
of the sun.
It bombs the soldiers and ninjas with balls of light, probably a Light
Magic attack, then attacks Sophia.
Sophia dodges, releasing Ms. Oka in the process.
The flying creature turns and lands directly in front of me: a beautiful,
glittering white wyrm.
“A true hero always shows up late!”
“Fei?”
Her telepathic voice and, more than anything, her familiar presence make
me believe without a doubt that this is Fei in a newly evolved form.
But how did this happen?
Fei used to be a black, wingless earth wyrm.
But now, the creature before me is a white wyrm with wings.
Does it have something to do with her entering that mysterious shell after
I became the hero?
Well, I guess that doesn’t matter right now.
“I just woke up, so I don’t really know what’s going on, but you are in trouble, aren’t you?”
“Yeah, you’re just in time.”
Even so, the situation remains grim.
The soldiers definitely took some damage from Fei’s attack, but Sophia,
our biggest problem, is still unharmed.
Not only that, but the two black-clad ninjas seem strong.
They might be too much for me and Hyrince to handle while we’re
carrying Katia and Anna, respectively.
“Shun! Get on that wyrm and get out of here!”
My older brother Leston shouts.
But if I followed his orders, then I would be leaving him behind.
Fei has gotten pretty big now, so she should be able to carry several
people, but I don’t think she could fit all our allies.
“Don’t worry about us! Shun, and Hyrince, too! Take Ms. Oka and run!”
Leston clearly intends to stay behind as our rear guard.
However, I can’t imagine he and his soldiers could take Sophia and the

--- PAGE 102 ---
ninjas on their own.
As I hesitate, Hyrince distracts a black-clad assailant long enough to grab
the unconscious Ms. Oka and run up to me.
“Shun! Let’s go!”
Holding Anna in one arm and Ms. Oka in the other, Hyrince urges me on.
“Do you think we’ll let you escape?”
“No, but we’re going to anyway!”
Sophia and the two ninjas come after us, so Fei lets loose a breath attack
at them.
At the same time, she grabs Hyrince and me in her claws, taking off with
us by force.
“Fei?!”
“I’m sorry, but we have no other choice against that thing! We have to get away!”
In a matter of moments, we ascend into the sky.
Below us, I can see Sophia, standing unharmed despite Fei’s breath
attack.
“There’s no way we could’ve beaten her, even if we stayed.”
I’d like to object to Fei’s bitter words, but I can’t deny them.
And so, we run away.
Leaving Klevea and my brother Leston behind.

