--- PAGE 210 (PDF index) ---
 LET’S WRAP THINGS UP
Team Send Ms. Oka Home: Mission complete!
Boy, sometimes things really do work out for the best.
Even if we wound up agreeing to defeat the elves somewhere along the
way.
It’s not like we have to do it right this minute, though. And since it’s
Potimas we’re up against, I think our best bet is to collect a bunch of
information, figure out a thorough battle plan, and generally take our sweet
time getting completely ready.
This is to save Ms. Oka, after all, and to save the Demon Lord.
Defeating the elves would be a huge help to her, since they’re basically
like cancer cells to this world. Since the Demon Lord’s ultimate goal is to
save this world from destruction, she’s gonna have to take them down sooner
or later.
Hrmmm.
Elves, elves, eeelves.
To be honest, as much as I hate Potimas’s guts, I’d never really thought
about wiping out all the elves entirely.
I mean, up until pretty recently, my only plan was to just lazily train and
study.
How do you lazily train? Sorry, I’m not taking questions right now.
Really, as far as the whole end-of-the-world thing goes, I kinda didn’t
care that much as long as it could wait until AFTER I leave this planet.
But y’know.
If I really want to help the Demon Lord, that attitude’s not gonna fly.
The Demon Lord wants to save the world.
I get the feeling that she’s fully prepared to die to achieve that goal.
Page 201
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 211 (PDF index) ---
Sure, the Demon Lord’s strong, but there are still limits to what she can
do.
Take the elves, for instance. If Potimas gets serious, he might bust out
some crazy weapon like that UFO we took down a while back.
Okay, not “might.” He DEFINITELY would.
And it’d probably be even worse than that UFO, too.
Like, Potimas himself said that he was ashamed of ever designing that
thing.
There’s no doubt in my mind that he’s invented a much better weapon
since then.
And if that’s the case, the Demon Lord can’t beat him.
She’s definitely one of the strongest individuals in the world, but she can’t
exactly take on a UFO carrying a bomb that could obliterate an entire
continent—never mind a weapon even WORSE than that—all by herself.
She can’t save this world without getting rid of the elves, but she’s got no
way of doing that.
That means this is already a mission that’s impossible to clear.
So I bet the Demon Lord is planning to do everything she can and then
entrust the future of the world to the next generation.
…Little does she know that there won’t BE a next generation.
Ughhh.
Man, this world is the biggest piece of crap ever!
Hmph. All right, let’s do this.
Dying along the way? Nope, I’m not gonna let that happen.
An eye for an eye, a life for a life.
I swear on my mother’s grave that I won’t let the Demon Lord die as long
as I still breathe.
Okay, technically I’m the one who killed my mother, but that’s not
important right now!
Either way, at this point, I’m gonna see this thing through to the end.
And I’m aiming to make it a happy ending, too.
Just you wait—the epilogue’s gonna be the Demon Lord smiling and
saying, Thanks, White! You’re the best. I love you sooo much!
“Um, I’ll say Thank you for sure, but I dunno about that last part.”
“Whaaat?”
“Wow, why do you look so disappointed? Are you interested in me that
Page 202
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 212 (PDF index) ---
way?”
“Yeah, right.”
“Then why is that your idea of a happy ending?”
So yeah, I’ve been chatting about all this with the Demon Lord this whole
time.
“By the way, is it just me, or did you drop a huge bombshell in the middle
of your little monologue?”
“What? You mean my undying love for you?”
“Okay, seriously, why do you always have to take it in that direction?
Huh?”
C’mon—it’s just a joke. Really.
“What do you mean, ‘there won’t be a next generation’?”
Oh, thaaat bombshell.
I think there’s a more qualified person who should explain that, not me.
In fact, considering all the crazy stuff I’m plotting to do from here on out,
I should probably have a little chat with this person anyway.
“Okay, let’s call Güli-güli.”
“Do me a favor and never call him that to his face, okay?”
“Don’t worry—I won’t be able to talk once he’s actually here, so it’s not a
problem!”
“Um, I’d say that’s definitely a problem, but whatever.”
The Demon Lord sighs and gets up from her chair.
Inspired by the comfy sofa we sat in when we met with the pontiff, I used
my thread to create a brand-new, ultra-comfortable chair that’s guaranteed to
ruin you for life. That’s just how nice it is to sit in.
It’s definitely not my imagination that the Demon Lord took a little bit
longer than usual to get up just now.
I know, pretty awesome, right?
Yeah, I get it. It’s tough to get up from a seat that comfy.
The Demon Lord’s turning into even more of a couch potato!
“Why do I feel like you’re thinking really rude thoughts about me right
now?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
The Demon Lord squints at me for a moment, then shakes her head,
shrugs, and starts walking.
I follow behind her to the basement of the castle.
Page 203
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 213 (PDF index) ---
At the bottom of a crazy-long staircase is a small, seemingly empty room.
But while it looks like that at a glance, there’s the faint presence of
conjuring on one wall.
The Demon Lord places her hand in the center of it.
Right away, the wall disappears like it was never there, and a space
around the same size as the original room appears.
…This isn’t just a hidden room behind the wall, huh.
The new room is an alternate dimension.
It’s just temporarily connected to this reality right now.
So even if you were to break down the wall that was just there, you
wouldn’t be able to reach this room.
There’s a pedestal-like thing in the center of the room, and someone is
sitting on top of it.
To sum that person up, it’s basically a black lizardman.
No, I guess draconian would be more accurate.
They’ve got a dragon head, but the body is definitely that of a human.
They’re even wearing a suit and a silk hat for some reason.
“HEY THERE, SIS.”
The dragon addresses the Demon Lord in a hard-to-understand voice, like
they’re forcing their vocal cords to produce humanoid language.
I can’t tell from the voice if they’re male or female. Do dragon people
even have genders?
“Since when are you and I related? My only siblings are the others from
that orphanage.”
“OH, DON’T BE LIKE THAT. GENETICALLY SPEAKING, WE’RE
TECHNICALLY SIBLINGS, NO?”
“Maybe, but it’s not like our parents would acknowledge that.”
“FWA-HA-HA! FAIR ENOUGH.”
I listen to the conversation between the Demon Lord and the draconian in
silence.
Obviously, it raises a lot of questions, but it’d probably be rude to ask.
I’ve got a vague idea of the Demon Lord’s early life thanks to the contents
of Taboo, but it seems like an invasion of privacy to pry about it.
Everyone’s got a few secrets they don’t want to talk about.
I’m not exactly eager to tell anyone else about being D’s substitute, so I’m
not one to judge.
Page 204
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 214 (PDF index) ---
I have no intention of digging into the Demon Lord’s past unless she
decides to share it with me herself.
“WELL? WHAT BRINGS YOU HERE? OR DID YOU JUST STOP BY
FOR A CHAT?”
“Of course not. I wouldn’t summon you for no good reason.”
“I THOUGHT NOT. BUT LIKE I TOLD YOU BEFORE, THE SWORD
OF THE DEMON LORD ISN’T HERE ANYMORE.”
Sword of the Demon Lord? Huh?
Hmm, come to think of it, I might’ve seen something about that in the
Taboo information.
It’s not like I read the whole thing from start to finish, and now that I’ve
become a god and lost my skills, I can’t call that Taboo stuff back up
anymore.
But I guess this draconian must’ve been guarding the sword in question.
So this Sword of the Demon Lord was being kept in a hidden room
protected by spatial conjuring—the kind you probably couldn’t reproduce
with skills, no less.
If it was mentioned in the Taboo information, it must be an important
system-related item.
Although it could also be an item D stuck in just for her own amusement.
But wait, it’s not there anymore?
Isn’t that kind of, like, bad?
“No, I’m not here about that, either. I came to ask you to call Gülie for
us.”
“CALL MASTER? IS IT AN EMERGENCY?”
“It’s not that urgent, but there’s something we definitely need to ask him.”
“ALL RIGHT. JUST A MINUTE.”
The draconian’s eyes close.
Are they communicating with Güli-güli telepathically or something?
“White, this is the dark dragon Reise. They’re one of the oldest of the
dragons.”
Ooooh.
A dark-attribute dragon, huh?
Plus, if it’s one of the ancients, that’s the same category as the wind
dragon Hyuvan in the southern wasteland and the ice dragon Nia in the
Mystic Mountains.
Page 205
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 215 (PDF index) ---
A dragon like that was guarding this Sword of the Demon Lord?
It’s gotta be a super-important item, then.
“What’s the Sword of the Demon Lord?”
I lean close to the Demon Lord to mumble a question in her ear.
“It’s a weapon that only the Demon Lord can use. I don’t know if the
rumors are true, but they say it can unleash a blow that could even kill a god,
except it can only be used once, basically.”
Um, that sounds super-dangerous!
The Demon Lord said it might not be true, but since that name showed up
in the Taboo info, it’s almost certainly D who made it.
Knowing D, she might’ve seriously made an item that could kill a god.
And this super-dangerous weapon is just floating around somewhere out
in the world?
Are you for real?!
“No need to worry. The Sword of the Demon Lord is practically a single-
use item. Once it’s been used once, it can’t be used again for another couple
hundred or maybe even a thousand years. And according to Reise, it’s
already been used.”
Whew. I guess I don’t need to worry about anyone trying to use it on me,
then.
But…it’s already been used?
A weapon that can kill a god. The explosion that crossed a dimension into
that classroom to try and kill D. Only the Demon Lord can use it.
Yeah, the pieces all seem to match up.
So D was attacked with an item that she made herself…?
You can’t help but feel bad for the reincarnations who got caught up in
that explosion, then.
Though in my case, this version of me didn’t really exist until I was
reincarnated here, so I can’t really complain.
Anyway, while I’m talking about that with the Demon Lord and stuff,
there’s a sudden disturbance in space.
Someone’s about to teleport here.
Well, not really “someone,” since it could only be Güli-güli.
“I heard you wished to speak with me.”
As soon as he appears, Güli-güli immediately cuts to the chase, and the
Demon Lord responds equally abruptly.
Page 206
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 216 (PDF index) ---
“Yeah. White told me there’s not gonna be a next generation? What’s that
all about?”
At that, Güli-güli’s face twists bitterly, and he glares at me for a moment.
C’mon! Don’t look at me like that.
All you actually asked me to do last time was to not tell the Demon Lord
about that hidden valley beyond the Mystic Mountains, okay?
I didn’t mention that part, and besides, it was more of a request than an
actual promise anyway, so it’s not like I took a vow of secrecy or anything,
okay?
Nobody told me that what you really wanted to keep secret was that
there’s not going to be a next generation after this, okay?
Okay? Okay? Okay.
Güli-güli heaves a sigh, evidently giving up, and starts to explain.
“The people who live in this world are reincarnated in this very same
world over and over. Normally, this wouldn’t be possible, but the system has
warped the natural order of things. And this unnatural occurrence only
distorts things further, until eventually the seams begin to tear. The souls of
this world’s residents are slowly being worn down by the weight of these
repeated reincarnations, all because they’ve been forced to take on
unnecessary burdens like skills. If their souls continue to deteriorate, they
will eventually be destroyed, which of course means they can no longer
reincarnate. And there are signs that this has already begun to occur.”
It’s like when you wash clothes over and over, until they eventually get
too worn down to wear.
If you keep dyeing, bleaching, and re-dyeing them on top of that, they’ll
wear out even faster.
By that same logic, the souls of people who keep reincarnating are
beginning to weaken.
Skills are like the dye: It might look great right after you first add it, but if
you keep bleaching it out and dyeing the same piece of clothing over and
over again, you’ll shorten its life span.
Each time a soul reincarnates, the skills it had in the previous life are
ripped away.
Obviously, if you repeat that enough times, the soul’s eventually going to
break down.
And the signs of that breakdown are already beginning.
Page 207
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 217 (PDF index) ---
The valley Güli-güli wanted to keep secret from the Demon Lord is a
place where he protects people whose souls are reaching their limits.
It’s like a little sandbox where he keeps out monsters, forbids fighting,
and tries to keep people from taking on any more skills, all to try and extend
the life spans of their worn-out souls.
After Güli-güli’s explanation, the Demon Lord’s mood seems heavy.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“What good would have come of me telling you?”
Both of them fall into a still-heavy silence.
“Tell me the truth. If I keep acting as the demon lord, will I be able to
recover enough MA energy?”
“No.”
Güli-güli responds right away.
The Demon Lord lowers her head, her shoulders trembling.
She became the demon lord with the willingness to lay down her life to
save the world.
With the unshakable conviction that she would do what had to be done,
even if it meant reluctantly playing the role of a villain and being hated by all
demonkind.
But Güli-güli just said that still won’t be enough.
This world is in such big trouble that the Demon Lord’s difficult decisions
amount to almost nothing.
Yeah, the world’s seriously in danger of ending.
To the point where there’s no logical way of saving it.
So why not save it in an illogical way?
“Let’s just break the system.”
Güli-güli and the Demon Lord both look at me incredulously.
Even Reise, who’s been listening in silence, turns to stare at me. Although
I can’t tell what kind of expression that lizardy face is making.
“What do you mean?”
Güli-güli asks what they’re probably all thinking.
This world is sustained by the system, so I can’t blame them for looking at
me like I’m out of my mind for suggesting we destroy it.
Page 208
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 218 (PDF index) ---
But think about it—like, really think about it.
The system was made by none other than D.
You know, the super-nasty, self-proclaimed evil god?
That rotten jerk is the one who designed this whole system.
It doesn’t make sense to try and tackle it head-on.
No, there’s got to be some kind of dirty trick we can use.
Knowing D’s personality, I’m sure there’s another way out, something
hidden in an underhanded way that you could never normally find.
I swore to save the Demon Lord, remember?
So I’ve been thinking about how to go about saving this world.
And eventually, the conclusion I reached was that we have to break the
system.
I swallow and attempt to calm my nerves before speaking again.
With a mega-serious topic like this, even I know that keeping it short
because I’m not good with people isn’t gonna cut it.
Not when the Demon Lord’s fate is riding on this sales pitch.
“The system is a giant conjuring technique that supports this world. It
regenerates this ruined planet, distorts the laws of life and death, and grants
supernatural powers called skills.”
The system is just one big conjuring.
Its main function is to keep this ruined planet alive.
But it also has several other functions.
Honestly, if all you’re trying to do is restore the world, you don’t really
need all that complicated stuff.
The system forces people to be reborn in this world over and over,
confining them here.
It encourages them to install lots of soul expansion packs known as skills,
then collects those skills when they die and get reborn, turning them into MA
energy to help keep the world alive.
Basically: The system is really a machine that uses people as fuel.
But like I just said, if you only want the planet to recover, you don’t really
need to do it in such a roundabout way.
“Do you know how much energy it takes to keep all the system’s
complicated functions running?”
The only person who can answer that accurately is probably Güli-güli,
since he’s a god who can actually use conjuring.
Page 209
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 219 (PDF index) ---
But it looks like what I’m trying to say is getting through to the Demon
Lord, too.
“If you used that energy for the restoration instead, would it be enough?”
she asks.
The system distorts this world’s natural order of death and rebirth,
enhances people with the ridiculous conjuring known as stats, and even piles
on skills as a way of stripping more energy from souls.
Obviously, operating such a ridiculously complicated conjuring must
consume a corresponding amount of energy.
We just need to break down those unnecessary parts of the system, take
the energy freed that way, and put all of that into the part that restores the
planet.
The system keeps us alive, but now we’re gonna kill the system.
Normally, no sane person would even suggest that approach.
But we’re talking about D here. I wouldn’t put it past her to include such
an obscene method that nobody should be able to find or accomplish.
Unfortunately, though, the Demon Lord’s only half-right.
“Not in our current state. Not yet.”
That’s right. When I calculated the amount of energy in the system and
compared it to the current state of the planet’s disrepair, I determined that it
wouldn’t be enough to completely restore the planet.
If we break the parts of the system that recover energy, then we won’t be
able to produce any more energy for repairing the planet, so the restoration
will never be complete.
In other words, this secret method will work only once we’ve saved up
enough energy to completely restore the planet.
“We just have to supply the rest.”
This world still has skills, a method of producing energy using the power
of souls.
We need people to improve their skills, store up more energy and then let
the system collect it—in other words, we need them to die.
“I see. Then I guess that doesn’t change what I’ve got to do.”
What the Demon Lord has been trying to do is start a war between
humans and demons, forcing both sides to improve their skills, and then
recovering more energy for the world when they die in battle.
Since we need to get even more energy, this plan still works out great.
Page 210
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 220 (PDF index) ---
The only difference is that while the Demon Lord planned to return that
energy to the energy-deficient system in the normal way, I’ve got different
plans for how to use it.
“Wait a minute. That may be possible in theory, but D will never stand by
while someone attempts to intentionally break the system.”
A protest from Güli-güli.
Makes sense. Since he’s technically in charge of maintaining the system
as an administrator, he probably can’t accept this plan easily, even if he
understands the logic behind it.
And I’m sure he thinks that his boss, D, would get mad if we did
something like that.
But I can say this for sure.
“That won’t be a problem.”
I mean, this is D we’re talking about, y’know?
She’d have no problem with the system getting broken as long as she
thinks it’ll be more entertaining that way.
If anything, I kind of suspect that D’s been waiting for Güli-güli to make a
dangerous move like that, just for the drama of it all.
A crazy plan like breaking the system is possible only for a god like Güli-
güli.
If D actually baked that option into the system on purpose, then I think it’s
safe to guess that she was hoping Güli-güli might go for it.
“But…”
“It’ll be fine. I promise.”
Besides, now that D’s been dragged away by Miss Maid, she can’t
interfere with us either way.
When the cat’s away, the mice will play!
She might get mad later, but I don’t care.
And I’m pretty sure she won’t anyway.
So I’m just gonna insist it’ll be fine.
“But still—”
“To be honest, this is basically because of your negligence as an
administrator.”
At that, Güli-güli’s face falls.
Boy, am I mean or what?
It’s true, though! If Güli-güli had done a better job, we wouldn’t be in this
Page 211
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 221 (PDF index) ---
situation.
Even if saying it out loud makes me the worst, that doesn’t change the fact
that it’s true!
Especially since what I’m suggesting in the first place is that he basically
abandon his post as administrator so we can break the system.
“I won’t ask you to help. But don’t try to stop us.”
The biggest obstacle to this plan is the potential of Güli-güli interfering.
The only people in this world who could possibly defeat me right now are
the Demon Lord, Potimas, and Güli-güli.
And that last one is the only one who I can say without a doubt is way,
way stronger than I am.
If Güli-güli tries to stop us, our plan is doomed.
“HEH-HEH. SEEMS LIKE YOU’VE LOST THIS ONE, EH,
MASTER?”
Reise picks this moment to finally speak up.
“I suppose so.”
Güli-güli heaves a deep sigh, looking for all the world like an exhausted
office worker.
“Very well. I won’t try to stop you… No, it’s because of my failure that
we’re in this predicament. I cannot use my power directly for this purpose,
but I will help you as best as I can.”
He smiles grimly.
Oh? Ohhh!
I would’ve been happy just to have him agree not to interfere, but he’s
actually gonna help.
Did my sarcasm work a little too well?
Either way, I’m counting it as a win!
“Oh, for real? Then can you, like, round up a bunch of dragons and wyrms
and stuff who can turn into humanoids and make an army?”
The Demon Lord hits him with a massive request right out of the gate.
Whoa! She’s totally planning to work not just Güli-güli but even his
subordinates to the bone!
Now, THAT’S evil!
She uses everything and everyone she can, puts them all to work, then
holes up at home herself.
The ultimate NEET!
Page 212
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 222 (PDF index) ---
“You could be the Ninth Army. I’ll strip the current commander of the
title and put you in charge instead.”
“As you wish. I shall follow your orders, within reason.”
Whoa, her unreasonable request actually got accepted.
Seriously? Is an administrator even allowed to take sides in stuff like this?
Well, I guess that just goes to show how indebted Güli-güli feels to the
Demon Lord.
“Reise. You come, too.”
“OH?”
“If the Sword of the Demon Lord is no longer here, then you need not
stay, either.”
“I SEE. I’VE GROWN ACCUSTOMED TO THIS SPACE WHERE
TIME STANDS STILL, BUT IF YOU BID ME COME, I WILL FOLLOW
MY MASTER.”
Huh. I guess time is normally stopped inside this room?
That would explain how Reise’s been living in this empty space, I guess.
If you’re frozen in time, unless someone summons the room up like this, you
wouldn’t need food or anything.
Although, leave it to D to casually conjure up something as ridiculous as a
room where time stands still.
Reise’s shape begins to change into that of a person, using some kind of
technique.
The resulting person form has dark skin and androgynous looks.
The suit and silk hat seem like something a man would wear, but they
could just as easily pass for a gorgeous woman.
So even in person form, you don’t have a clearly defined gender?!
“Allow me to reintroduce myself. I am the dark dragon Reise. Since I’ve
been living in stopped time for so long, I’m absolutely overflowing with
youth compared to the other ancient dragons. You may rely on me whenever
you like.”
Reise gives this introduction with a crooked grin.
Is it just me, or do dragons tend to have really over-the-top personalities?
Or have I just so happened to meet the weirdest ones?
Also, I guess they can speak normally when they’re in humanoid form.
“I shall go and gather dragons and wyrms from each land who can
transform. I won’t bring all of them here, since they still need to watch over
Page 213
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 223 (PDF index) ---
their respective territories, but it should still be a considerable number. Ariel,
if nothing else, please make arrangements to receive them before I return.”
“Sure.”
Oh boy. I can totally tell that the Demon Lord has no intention of doing
that herself.
She’s probably gonna dump that task on Balto.
Hang in there, buddy.
“Master, I’ll accompany you. I’d like to get a fresh look at the outside
world.”
“If you wish. You were given the unpleasant role of being left frozen in
time for so long. From now on, please do as you wish, within the scope of the
role you are next assigned.”
“Why, thank you.”
Reise looks genuinely pleased.
I have no way of knowing how it felt to be alone in a small room where
time stands still.
But I doubt anyone would want to do that.
And yet, Reise had no choice, because that was the role they were given.
This world has a way of sacrificing people like that in order to carry on.
That includes the Demon Lord and Güli-güli, too.
I’m gonna destroy that crummy way of life.
“All right, team! Let’s save the world!”
The Demon Lord shouts in a deliberately energetic voice.
Since they’ve found a way forward after being unable to see the light for
so long, she and Güli-güli both look more cheerful than usual.
I…
I didn’t lie.
If we use the system as compensation, we can get the amount of energy
the world needs.
The thing is, breaking the system means getting rid of skills and stats.
Which means they’ll be forcibly removed from the souls they’ve been
attached to.
So when we collect all that energy, it’ll be especially hard on the souls of
people with lots of skills and high stats.
Page 214
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 224 (PDF index) ---
I didn’t lie.
If we break the system, we can save the world.
It’s just that, in exchange, a ton of the people who live in this world will
die.
I just kept that part to myself, is all.
If it means saving the Demon Lord and Ms. Oka, I don’t care if I have to
sacrifice most of the people of this world to do it.
That’s all there is to it.
Page 215
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 225 (PDF index) ---
Page 216
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com