--- PAGE 236 (PDF index) ---
AFTERWORD
Happy New Year! Okina Baba here.
A new year! Volume 10! That’s two major milestones for the price of
one! Whoo-hoo!
Sorry, I’m being a lot more upbeat than the book you just read right now.
Can you blame me, though? This series has finally broken into the double
digits!
Since only the most legendary of novel series make it into the triple digits,
actually hitting double digits is something to be proud of, don’t you think?
So it’s okay if I stick my nose up a little, right?
If my nose gets super-long like a tengu?
It was a tengu! A tengu did it!
Sadly, though, even though there’s an oni, there aren’t any tengu in this
series.
Mr. Oni and the vampire duo get plenty of chances to go on a rampage in
this volume, though!
But they’re fighting for a reason, not just running wild like a tengu might.
Especially Merazophis, who goes on a deadly serious spree of violence.
I didn’t do this on purpose for the milestone of the tenth volume, but it has
a serious tone overall, with a lot of important developments.
There are still funny scenes once in a while, but that’s just ’cause, you
know, a god of laughter sprinkled those in.
The characters are all going about their business with great import, but
this god of laughter keeps on ruining it.
In other words, it’s all the author’s
 god’s fault!
Yep. I think that about covers it!
Now, let me say some thank-yous.
An enormous thanks to Kiryu for providing wonderful illustrations as
always.
Page 227
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 237 (PDF index) ---
Some of the characters’ appearances and stuff are actually reverse
engineered from Kiryu descriptions. (For instance, Bloe being weirdly
unfashionable may have been a Kiryu idea.)
That’s just how much power Kiryu illustrations have. Thank you very
much.
I also want to thank the venerable Kakashi, who does the manga
adaptation.
Volume 6 of the manga comes out on the same day as this book, and it
even contains appearances from some of the characters in this very volume,
so please check it out.
I want to thank everyone involved in the production of the anime, too.
Unfortunately, I don’t have any new anime information that I can share
just yet, but it’s coming along splendidly.
I hope you’ll keep patiently looking forward to the anime’s release.
Thank you also to everyone who was involved in bringing this book out
into the world, especially my editor, W.
And to all of you who picked up this book.
Thank you so much.
Page 228
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com