--- PAGE 202 (PDF index) ---
 A TEACHER WANTS ONLY
WHAT IS BEST FOR HER STUDENTS
“Oka. Are you all right?”
“Yes.”
“Don’t push yourself too hard.”
One of my sharp-eyed companions notices that my breathing has grown
slightly heavier and expresses concern.
To adults like them, my body must appear too small, too weak.
As a reincarnation, my mental age is by all accounts that of an adult, but
even counting those years, I seem like a child to the long-lived elves.
How many days have we been walking like this?
We joined the army of demons rebelling against the Demon Lord in order
to rescue Miss Negishi, who has been captured by that same Demon Lord.
Unfortunately, the Demon Lord discovered the rebel army’s plans and all but
destroyed them with a surprise attack.
We barely escaped with our lives and have been on the run ever since.
Fortunately, demons who sympathize with the elves have helped us on our
way, providing us with food and supplies.
They have guaranteed our safety on our journey and even provided us
with a place to sleep from time to time.
Thus, our life on the run has not been as hard as one might expect.
But even so, I find my feet dragging.
Due to both physical exhaustion and mental distress.
I keep remembering what Sasajima said to me.
“I’m not sure what false impression you’re under, but I’m here of my own
Page 193
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 203 (PDF index) ---
free will. And I have no intention of taking your hand.
“I’m fighting because of my own convictions, not because anyone forced
me to. It’s what I believe is the right thing to do. I don’t feel any shame for
my actions.
“Let me ask you a question instead. You said I’m doing ‘awful things,’
and yet, here you are doing the very same. Can you really reach out to your
student with those bloodstained hands, claiming to offer me help?
“If you can’t even deny that, then I most definitely won’t take your hand.”
Sasajima was one-sidedly massacring the rebel army.
I didn’t want him to continue to do such awful things, and I pleaded with
him to join us and run away.
But he completely rejected me.
He said he was fighting of his own free will.
And then he asked me a question of his own: Could I really extend these
bloodstained hands to my student?
I couldn’t answer him right away.
In fact, I don’t think I could answer him even now.
All this time, I have done whatever it takes to save my students, living
with danger as a constant companion.
I have fought against monsters but also against people, as in this most
recent incident.
Though this world may distinguish between humans and demons, they all
look like people to me.
And yet, I have raised my hand against such people on occasion, even
taking lives when I had to.
This rebellion was no exception…
I told myself I had no choice, since it was for my students’ sake, but…
“Am I really doing the right thing?”
Sasajima said that he was fighting of his own free will.
I have been doing the same, but I cannot declare that with the same level
of pride and certainty that he did.
“Oka. Don’t let what he said get to you.”
One of my companions reassures me.
But I cannot help thinking about it.
Page 194
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 204 (PDF index) ---
Am I in the wrong?
“Remember, he is an ally of the Demon Lord. Or perhaps he’s just been
tricked by the Demon Lord as well. I’m sure you know that this demon lord
is trying to end the long-standing truce between humans and demons and
rekindle the war, right? I hear anyone who objects meets with a terrible fate.
You saw that battle with the rebel army, didn’t you? The Demon Lord shows
no mercy to any who dares defy her. So no matter what someone who follows
such an atrocious leader says to you, you can’t take it to heart.”
“Right… Of course.”
Everything I’ve heard about the Demon Lord makes her sound quite
terrifying.
The demon race was finally beginning to recover from the ravages of the
old war, and now she’s forcing them to fight again.
They say that her reign of terror keeps anyone from speaking out against
her for fear of the consequences.
The demon population has severely declined due to the previous war.
They don’t have enough strength to fight the humans again.
If they go to war, all that awaits their race is certain doom.
Which is why a rebel army rose up in a last-ditch effort to overthrow the
Demon Lord.
The elves agreed to back the rebel army not only to aid me but to assist
the demon race out of sympathy for their plight.
Surely, the right thing to do is overthrow this tyrannical leader.
So why would Sasajima side with the Demon Lord?
How can he be so proud of his choice to work on the side of evil?
I simply don’t understand.
“Was he like that in your world, too?”
“No, not at all. In fact, he was a quiet boy who valued peace.”
Sasajima was reserved and didn’t stand out much in the class.
He was usually with his friends Ooshima and Yamada, often scolding the
former when he goofed off. Sasajima was diligent, quietly attentive, and
overall a very good kid.
So why…?
“Then maybe he really has been deceived by the Demon Lord.”
Perhaps that is true.
The Sasajima I know would never side with evil.
Page 195
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 205 (PDF index) ---
But Sasajima was clever, too. Would he really be fooled so easily?
The words Sasajima said to me…
His reasons for supporting the Demon Lord…
When I think about these things, I cannot seem to shake a strange unease,
like a tiny bone caught in my throat.
As these thoughts continue to torment me, we keep walking, eventually
reaching the border between the demon and human realms.
“There’s a path through here that will lead us safely to human territory.”
This information comes from the member of our party who’s been in
contact with our demon supporters.
Everyone else looks doubtful.
I can hardly blame them, since this border ought to be the most difficult
part of our journey to human lands.
The humans have built fortresses at every major entry point, and smaller
paths like these are guarded by human tribes that attack anyone who attempts
to come through from demon territory.
How could this route possibly be safe?
“Apparently, the Demon Lord’s elite force massacred the human tribe that
guarded this passageway.”
This explanation clears up our doubts, but the reason is terribly ghastly.
“The Demon Lord seems to be taking steps to prepare for the impending
war against the humans.”
A murmur runs through the group.
I cannot blame them for being alarmed.
The Demon Lord only just finished fighting the rebel army, but she’s
already sending out troops to strike at the humans?
“Perhaps the war between humans and demons will start sooner than we
expected.”
I believed that we still had time before the demons would be ready for
war, especially after fighting the rebel army.
But considering how hastily the Demon Lord seems to be moving,
perhaps we cannot afford to take our time after all.
“It’s terrible that this human clan was slaughtered, but it may also be our
saving grace. Let us pass through before we let this chance go to waste.”
Page 196
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 206 (PDF index) ---
Thus, we were able to cross the border.
Along the way, we passed through the area where the massacred clan
must have lived.
The bloody traces of the battle were still fresh, and a great many graves
had been dug there.
…Someone must have taken the time to bury all the slaughtered victims.
We paused for a moment of silence there before moving on.
After we reached the human realms, the rest of the journey went by
quickly.
The elves have hidden teleport gates all over the world.
We met up with Potimas and his forces, who had come to find us, and
safely returned to the elf village together.
“Well done making it back alive.”
Potimas wears the same icy expression as always, but somehow he seems
to be in a good mood.
Is he happy about our safe return?
“Oka.”
“Yes?”
“Let us take this opportunity to cease gathering the reincarnations for
now.”
“What?”
For a moment, I don’t understand what he’s saying.
As the meaning of his words slowly sinks in, I cry out in protest.
“But we haven’t rescued all of them yet!”
“Most of those who remain beyond our grasp would be difficult to
retrieve.”
At that, I look at the Student Roster, the skill I was born with that gives
me information on all my students.
However, the amount of information it provides is very limited.
Only their place of birth, whether they are currently healthy, and the
predicted time and cause of their death.
And when one dies, their name disappears from the list.
Already there are four lines that have become blank.
Pulling my gaze away from those empty spaces, I look over the rest of the
Page 197
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 207 (PDF index) ---
list.
“Of the people we have deduced to be reincarnations based on their place
of birth, several of them are nobles. Obviously, we cannot lay a hand on
them.”
He has a point, I realize.
Out of the reincarnations we haven’t retrieved yet, the ones who appear to
be Natsume, Yamada, and Ooshima are recognized as royalty or nobility.
Naturally, a royal or noble family would almost certainly refuse to give up
their child to a group of strangers.
“As for the rest of them, about half have been identified as well but would
be difficult to lay our hands on for political reasons. Since we know who they
are, however, it will suffice to keep watch on them from afar.”
“Well, yes, I suppose…”
Just as Potimas says, there is not a particular need to physically take in all
of them.
As long as we can keep an eye on them.
“And as far as the half we haven’t been able to identify, frankly, it would
be extremely difficult to continue pursuing leads.”
The ones we haven’t identified are the two from the borderlands we just
passed through and the one who was born in a dungeon called the Great Elroe
Labyrinth.
Both are highly dangerous areas, so it would be risky to try to track them
down.
“But even so, can’t we…?”
“No. We cannot.”
I want to continue searching, but Potimas shuts me down in a sharp tone.
“Listen to me, Oka. I cannot allow you to put yourself in any more
danger. You realize how easily you could have died in this incident, yes? If
you get yourself killed while trying to save your students, then all would be
lost. Besides, the other elves who travel with you put themselves at risk, too.”
Again, I understand that Potimas is correct.
In this most recent battle, most of the elves involved lost their lives.
Of course, the main goal was to help the rebel army overthrow the Demon
Lord, so rescuing my kidnapped students was only ever a side goal.
But searching for my students in a known dangerous area would be my
own selfish demand.
Page 198
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 208 (PDF index) ---
Certainly, I cannot drag other elves into almost certain danger for such
personal reasons.
“Then at least let me go alone—”
“I told you, no. My decision is final. Throwing a tantrum will not
convince me to change my mind.”
A tantrum…
Do my strong feelings amount to a tantrum?
“Lord Potimas…could you not consider allowing Oka to do as she
wishes?”
“Hmm?”
Just then, one of my companions intervenes on my behalf.
“Oka has done her very best. It would be a shame to let her work end
here. We will be happy to continue assisting her. So please!”
“I’ll help, too!”
“Me too.”
“Oh, thank you…”
The kindness of these elves warms my heart.
But Potimas puts a stop to all of that with a loud sigh.
“…If you must know, I was thinking of dispatching Oka to a certain
academy in the Analeit Kingdom.”
I blink in confusion at this unexpected declaration.
“Nobles and royalty from various lands are already enrolled there.
Including those reincarnations, of course.”
My eyes widen as I realize what he means.
“I myself will continue to search for clues as to the reincarnations we have
yet to locate. Oka, you are to go to those we have already located and watch
over them from close by.”
“Yes! Yes!” I exclaim, overjoyed by this kind gesture.
“One ‘yes’ would suffice.”
Perhaps embarrassed, Potimas turns and walks away.
“That’s great, Oka.”
“It really is.”
“If only Lord Potimas would be clearer about these things.”
“I heard that.”
As my companion pales with an “urk!” and stands at attention, I let out a
small giggle. Then I call to stop Potimas.
Page 199
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 209 (PDF index) ---
“Um, wait!”
“What is it?”
Potimas turns back toward me, looking perplexed.
“Until I take up my position at that academy…no, even once I’m there…
may I still help all of you somehow?”
Potimas raises his eyebrows, so I continue.
“Everyone has helped me so much, so I want to return the favor somehow.
When I saw the battle in the demon realms, I realized just how tragic war
really is. I want to make this world a more peaceful place, even if only a
little. So please let me help.”
I don’t know why Sasajima would help the Demon Lord.
But I do know that I strongly object to people fighting each other.
Since the elves’ goal is to stop that from happening, I want to contribute
to their cause while also returning the favor of helping me look for my
students.
“…I shall consider it.”
“Thank you very much!”
I clasp my hands together and pray that Potimas will grant permission.
Sasajima…
I still don’t understand why you’re fighting.
But I’ll do my best to live a life that I can be proud of, too.
Someday, if we meet again, I want to be able to say with pride and
confidence that I have done what is right.
So please…don’t take on any more sins.
Next time we meet, I don’t want it to be on a battlefield again.
But if we do meet again in battle and Sasajima hasn’t changed his mind,
then…
Page 200
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com