--- PAGE 44 (PDF index) ---
 THE SLACKER DEMON LORD
As I relax in my office in the Demon Lord’s castle, my feet kicked up on the
desk, the sound of thunderous footsteps reaches my ears.
They storm right up to my room and burst through the door without so
much as a knock.
“It’s pretty poor manners to barge into a lady’s room without even
knocking, don’t you think?”
“You call yourself a lady? Yeah, right. What a joke.”
It’s Balto’s younger brother, Bloe, who’s not even attempting to hide his
disdain for me, as usual.
He’s mad that I showed up out of nowhere and assumed the throne instead
of his big brother.
But Balto has been perfectly cooperative with me and hasn’t made any
attempts to rebel. So I guess I’ll generously let his baby brother off the hook
for his extreme rudeness.
I’m not mad. I’m sooo not mad, okay?
“So. You must’ve come here for a reason, yes? Balto’s not here right now,
in case you haven’t noticed.”
Bloe hates me, so he avoids me as much as possible.
So if he’s here now, he must need something from me, or else he’s
looking for his brother.
“I got sent here to give this to you, all right?”
Bloe stomps up to my desk and raises his hand as if to throw something
down on it with all his might, then changes his mind at the last second and
places it there gently.
What is this guy playing at?
“Um, okay. Thanks, I guess.”
Page 35
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 45 (PDF index) ---
“Mm-hmm.”
His voice is lacking its usual fire.
Was there a recent shocking development or something?
Well, I guess it’s not like I care how Bloe is feeling.
Looking at the object on my desk, I discover it’s an envelope containing a
letter.
As soon as I pick it up, I can feel that it’s not ordinary paper. Judging by
the smooth texture, White must’ve made it herself.
Now that I know who sent the letter, I open it and skim its contents.
“For real?” I mutter without thinking.
The several sheets of paper in the envelope contain the names of
ringleaders who are plotting a rebellion, the head count and composition of
their forces, the reach of their influence, how well supplied they are, and
other detailed information.
I have no idea how in the world she found all this out or why.
White always manages to blow my expectations out of the water.
“Bloe.”
“Hunh?”
As Bloe starts to leave the room, I call out to him.
Incidentally, only a few scant seconds have passed from the moment Bloe
handed me the letter to the moment I finished reading it.
So from Bloe’s point of view, he handed me the letter and turned to leave,
and I stopped him almost immediately.
I’m only able to pull that off thanks to the Thought Super-Acceleration
skill, but Bloe doesn’t know that, so to him it probably seems like I stopped
him without bothering to read the letter first.
Not that I care what he thinks.
“Read this.”
Naturally, my demand makes a vein pop in his head, but that’s none of my
concern.
“Listen, you!”
“Once you’ve read it, bring it to Balto. And give him a message for me.
‘Take care of it.’” Ignoring his blustering, I carry on with my commands.
“Demon Lord’s orders.”
“Tch!”
Bloe grumbles a lot, but he does as he’s told. I guess he’s a good worker
Page 36
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 46 (PDF index) ---
deep down.
As Bloe reluctantly reads the letter, his expression slowly changes from
grouchy to utterly serious.
Although his brows stay furrowed the whole time.
“Is this true? You sure?”
Bloe looks doubtful.
But the sheer level of detail in the letter leaves little room for doubt.
As hard as it might be to believe, there’s so much proof that it’s all but
impossible to deny.
Although I’m guessing Bloe is even more amazed because it was White
who gave him this letter to deliver to me.
From his perspective, White probably seems like a secluded princess, not
a combatant of any kind. She’s always holed up in the duke’s mansion, so
he’s not exactly wrong.
In fact, even I don’t know how White managed to gather all this vital
information, when she never leaves the mansion, or what motivated her to do
it.
And if it’s a mystery to me, it must be even more confusing to Bloe.
“…”
Bloe walks out without another word, still staring at the letter.
Dude, at least say something.
I am technically the Demon Lord, aka your boss.
See, this is his problem. Even if he’s a good worker for the most part, he
lacks common sense about stuff like this.
No wonder he’s not popular with the ladies.
Now that Bloe’s gone, I put my feet back up on the desk.
To be honest, I’ve got nothing to do, so I’m super-bored.
Well, I guess there’s plenty of things I could be doing if I wanted to, but
it’s more effective if I don’t actually do those things myself, I think.
There are lots of guys like Bloe who despise me, even if most of them
aren’t actively plotting to revolt.
Especially ’cause I’ve shown my true strength to only a handful of people,
like Balto.
The demon race is a meritocracy. So of course the Demon Lord has to be
pretty powerful.
And this power isn’t limited to just battle, either.
Page 37
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 47 (PDF index) ---
Balto’s political prowess is acknowledged as a kind of power, too, for
example.
And the person who’s chosen as Demon Lord is usually a well-known,
influential demon.
Someone who’s been popular since before they became the Demon Lord.
Most people are satisfied with that kind of choice.
But I’m not even a demon, and I’m not very well-known.
Yeah, I guess I’m decently famous as the oldest of the Ancient Divine
Beasts, but nobody would draw that connection between me and the legends
unless I spread the word myself.
To most demons, it probably seems like some random person of totally
unknown strength and origin just showed up out of nowhere and became the
Demon Lord.
It’s only natural that there’s gonna be tons of people angry about that.
And ultimately, that anger fuels the forces White found moving in secret.
So why don’t I just show them how strong I am? Because I don’t want
anyone to flee.
It’s one thing to rule with fear, but if you add overwhelming military
might to that equation, then it’s just going too far.
In theory, I’m strong enough to crush the entirety of the demon race all by
myself.
And if push comes to shove, I’m willing to do exactly that.
What would the demon race do if they knew all that?
If they’d simply obey me to save their hides, that’d be perfectly
acceptable.
But if they run away, that’s a problem.
See, turning the tables on would-be rebels who come after me is a piece of
cake.
I’m strong enough to do that without breaking a sweat.
But if they scatter and flee in every direction, I’m screwed.
I don’t have the time or the manpower to chase them all down, round
them up, and dispose of them.
It might be possible if I used my remaining queens and other offspring,
but then the whole demons-versus-humans war would be over.
It’d just be me destroying the demons and then me versus humans.
I’d like to make that a last resort.
Page 38
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 48 (PDF index) ---
In order to go up against the likes of Dustin and Potimas, I want to use the
demon race as a breakwater and as sacrificial pawns.
Which is why I want to hide my true power from the demon race as much
as possible, while still ensuring that they obey my orders.
The fastest way to do that is to show my true strength only to powerful
demons like Balto and Agner and bring them to heel.
If they’re following my orders, then their subordinates will automatically
obey me as well. Like Bloe, for instance.
Of course, there’s still bound to be some people who are discontented
about the current state of affairs.
When that anger reaches a breaking point—meaning, when there’s a
rebellion or something—I’ll just show them a small measure of my power,
enough to silence any demons who were doubtful.
The plan is to let the dissenters gather into a revolutionary army and then
purge them all in one fell swoop.
Once I’ve wiped them out, it’ll prove to everyone else that I’m worthy of
standing at the top.
I just have to be careful not to go overboard and scare people off.
It might be hard to strike just the right balance…
Or at least, that’s what I was thinking, until White laid the whole secret
revolution bare before I even noticed it was happening.
Now we might crush them before I even get a chance to take the stage.
’Cause now we know exactly who and where they are, how strong they
are, and how to beat them.
And since I got that information so far in advance, I can launch a
preemptive strike whenever I want.
With everything laid out so clearly, you’d have to be the worst
commander ever to lose this fight.
Now, even if I wanted to show off my power, I’ll just seem like I’m full
of myself for showing off when victory’s already assured!
What is White thinking, being so thorough that it actually messes up my
plans?
Now I don’t have anything to do at all.
Ughhh, talk about a pain.
…I’m not sitting around doing nothing by choice, all right?
There’s a very good reason I’m not working. If I go around taking care of
Page 39
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 49 (PDF index) ---
things without justification, it’ll just make the demons resent me even more,
so I really have no choice but to dump it all on Balto.
I mean, I played the part of the absentee Demon Lord so well that if I start
meddling now, it’ll just make things worse.
I’m not slacking off because I want to.
I’m not. I swear.
Page 40
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com