--- PAGE 78 (PDF index) ---
 I’LL DO WHAT I CAN
Ever since I first opened my eyes in the demon realm, my life has been very
peaceful.
I’ve yet to experience any inconveniences, in part because I’m staying in a
particularly wealthy duke’s mansion.
Back in the goblin village, it was all we could do to scrape by from day to
day while the warriors put their lives on the line to bring back food for the
rest of us.
Compared to that, having easy access to any food or supplies I might need
at any time feels unbelievably luxurious.
But I can’t keep living off their generosity forever.
After letting Wrath control me and fighting nearly to my death, I’m lucky
to have regained my senses and control over my life.
So I want to use the life I’ve been given to do whatever I can, to the best
of my ability.
I enlisted in the army with the help of Miss Ariel, the Demon Lord, to put
my power to use.
It seemed like the fastest way to start earning a living, and since my
combat strength is all I have going for me right now, it’s the perfect
occupation.
And so I left my freeloading lifestyle in the mansion behind and went off
to join the army.
I’m definitely still strong enough to be of use. Even after Miss Sophia
sealed off my Wrath skill, my base stats are apparently still quite high. On
top of that, I have the advantage of the magic swords I can make with my
Weapon Creation skill.
And the army commander, General Bloe, seems to like me for some
Page 69
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 79 (PDF index) ---
reason, so I’ve been able to fit into the army pretty well.
But there’s still one challenge I have to tackle.
“Grand magic. Block, long-distance, throw.”
“Grand magic. Block, long-distance, throw.”
One of my fellow soldiers says the words slowly, and I repeat them in the
same way.
What am I doing? Learning the language.
I’m still a long way from mastering the demon language, which is what
everyone speaks here.
I was born in a goblin village.
So naturally, I speak goblin language.
While I was being held captive by Buirimus, I learned human language,
too, but demon language is different from either of those.
And it’s difficult to serve in the army when I can barely hold a
conversation.
There are some demons who can speak human as well, so I can
communicate with them, but I should really learn the local language.
During my time in the duke’s mansion, the kindly staff tutored me in
demon language, so I’ve reached the point where I can at least follow a basic
conversation.
But I still haven’t learned all the military jargon.
Since I’m in the army, I need to learn the names of common battle
formations, strategies, and things like that.
A few friendly soldiers have been teaching me military terms in demon
language whenever we have free time.
I didn’t think it would be that easy to memorize them, but I figured I had
to start somewhere.
All things considered, I’ve actually been pleasantly surprised.
“That should do it for today. Seems like you’ve learned a majority of the
most common orders at this point, yeah?”
“I think so.”
My fellow soldier addresses me in demon language, and I respond in kind.
My pronunciation still needs work, and I struggle with long sentences a
lot more than simple responses.
But as far as listening comprehension goes, I can more or less understand
what people are saying, even when some basic military terms are involved.
Page 70
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 80 (PDF index) ---
I’m shocked by the speed of my own learning. This happened when I first
picked up conversational words, too.
There are a few factors that have helped me learn demon language in such
a short period of time.
One of these is the Memory skill.
As the name implies, it’s a plain yet useful skill that improves one’s
memorization abilities, which is incredibly useful for learning. If you can
memorize what the other person is saying word for word, you’re already well
on the way to becoming more familiar with the language.
My ability to remember things surprises even me.
If my memory had been this good in my previous life, I can’t help
thinking that tests and classes would’ve been a whole lot easier.
I was only ever able to speak English to the extent that they taught us in
school, but now I’m multilingual, quickly raising my fluency in multiple
languages.
I guess you never know what life’s going to throw at you.
But those memories of my previous life are also part of the reason I’ve
been able to learn demon language so smoothly.
Knowing different languages, like Japanese and English, comes in handy
even in this fantasy world.
Since we learned concepts like “subjects” and “predicates” in Japanese
class, then applied those to a grammatically different language like English, I
can use that experience to learn these otherworldly languages as well.
Tackling a language without any formal classes really makes me
appreciate how advanced the Japanese educational system was.
And the similarities between the demon and human languages are
probably the other big reason.
They have similar grammar, and certain vocabulary words overlap as
well.
Coincidence? Probably not.
Considering the origins of demons and humans, I’d be willing to bet that
they used to share a single language that eventually branched off.
Or maybe a few different languages mixed together and eventually unified
into the ones that are around today.
Now that I think about it, the demon language probably has a long and
storied history.
Page 71
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 81 (PDF index) ---
“That reminds me, I heard Lord Bloe has been studying the human
language in earnest lately. Though I’m told he’s not getting very far.”
While I was busy musing about the history of languages, the soldier
recaptured my attention with a casual remark.
I can’t help grinning, since I have a feeling I know what that might be
about.
General Bloe must have really hated having to ask Miss Sophia to
translate for him.
I won’t tell anyone else that, though, since it’s a matter of the general’s
pride.
Besides, that situation was my fault in the first place, and I still feel a little
guilty.
“Oh, we’re getting close.”
My fellow soldier points up ahead.
Following his gaze, I see some sort of wall off in the distance.
“They raised a damn wall. Guess our enemies are hoping to ride out a
siege.”
Our army is currently on the move.
We’re marching toward a northern town, where a rebel army is believed
to be hiding out.
And now, there’s a wall around the town that was never there before.
That’s as good as confirming the rumors.
“Looks like this is gonna be a tough battle.”
The soldier looks nervous.
I’m actually a little nervous myself, since this is my first battle as part of
the Demon Lord’s army and my first since my Wrath skill was sealed off.
“Charge! Chaaaarge!”
The captain’s voice bellows, nearly drowned out by the sounds of battle
and violent war cries.
Tension saturates the air and prickles at my skin until a powerful wave of
heat flies toward us as if to sear it away.
It’s an inferno, strong enough to burn away life itself.
The soldiers are putting everything on the line in this battle, stealing each
other’s lives.
Page 72
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 82 (PDF index) ---
Enemy soldiers go down under the sword swings of my allies, and
comrades I’ve gotten to know fall to the ground bleeding, then stop moving
entirely.
I never experienced such a hellish sight in my old life.
And yet…
“…Is this all?”
If anyone else had heard the words that slipped from my mouth, I’m sure
they would seem very cold.
Maybe coldness is a fitting attitude for the battlefield anyway.
But to me, my own muttered comment sounds a little disappointed.
Even as I process this, my body doesn’t stop moving.
I use Spatial Storage, an item box–like Spatial Magic skill, to produce
magic swords I’ve stored inside.
My Wrath skill may be sealed off, but I can still use the Weapon Creation
skill I was born with and the countless skills I’ve learned and honed since.
Along with practicing demon language, I’ve been raising my Spatial
Magic skill level and mass-producing magic swords.
I was worried about whether that would be much use, but now my worries
are gone.
I throw one of the swords; it gets lodged in the wall, then explodes.
Because it was magically constructed, the wall looks far sturdier than one
might expect from its hasty construction.
But it crumbles under the immense force of my magic sword’s blast.
Then my fellow soldiers charge in through the newly created breach,
breaking through the enemies’ defenses.
I guess my magic swords work well enough here. Actually…instead of
“well enough,” it might be more accurate to say they’re excessive against
these opponents.
The destruction of the wall and many of the rebel soldiers behind it is
proof enough of that.
…I never expected my simple, mass-produced exploding swords to be this
useful in battle.
I guess I’m a lot stronger than I realized.
I did notice some signs during my training in the army, but I didn’t think
that the difference would be this great.
When making the mass-produced exploding swords, increasing the
Page 73
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 83 (PDF index) ---
number I make simultaneously reduces their individual effectiveness.
The strength of the magic swords crafted with my Weapon Creation skill
is based on the amount of MP used to create them.
Obviously, the strongest magic sword I can create right now would be
made by pouring almost all of my available MP into a single blade.
In comparison, I made the mass-produced exploding swords in my spare
time simply because it seemed like a good use of my MP Auto-Recovery
skill.
And yet, those casually made objects are playing a huge role in this battle.
The exploding swords aren’t weak, of course.
Since they take the potential of a magic sword that would normally be
used until it breaks and expend all that latent energy at once by self-
destructing, they’re quite effective for the relatively modest MP investment.
And it does take time to create them, but unlike magic spells, there’s no
cooldown period after I use one since I can whip another one out right away.
Thanks to this, they can quickly win me the upper hand in battle.
But even with those advantages, I never imagined that my mass-produced
exploding swords would be this effective.
They couldn’t lay a single scratch on the beautiful yet hardy scales of that
dragon, and I couldn’t even get them in range of that small yet blindingly fast
powerhouse of a girl.
Vague memories of battles from when I was a slave to Wrath flash across
my mind.
I can’t remember every detail, but I do get bits and pieces from time to
time.
And I remember the strength of those opponents, too.
Because of those memories, I assumed that having Wrath sealed and my
strength considerably suppressed would mean that I was now weak.
But I guess I have to change my perspective on that.
It’s not that I’m weak.
They were just too strong.
And in general terms, it appears that I’m more than above average, even
in my weakened state.
Since I was so worried about how well I’d be able to fight in my current
condition, I guess it’s inevitable that I might be a little disappointed by this
almost anticlimactic development.
Page 74
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 84 (PDF index) ---
And that’s not the only reason I’m disappointed.
I take out another exploding sword, fling it at another wall, and watch it
explode.
The wall crumbles, and the rebel army soon concedes more ground.
But they’re not just giving up without a fight.
I notice some of my fellow soldiers suddenly suffer desperate
counterattacks.
Right in front of me, I spot one of the soldiers who was teaching me
words in the demon language on our way here.
He’s lying facedown, a blade sprouting out of his back, never to stand up
again.
He’s dead.
Even in this world, with its RPG-like system, or perhaps because of that
very system, there’s no revival spell to bring people back to life.
Once you die, that’s it.
My fallen comrade will never come back to life.
But I’m not as shaken as I thought I’d be.
We literally broke bread together, and he even took the time to teach me,
yet my heart is barely moved by his death.
I’m not sure if I should be glad that I don’t feel much of anything or
disturbed that I’ve become so unfeeling.
I’m definitely a lot colder than I was in my previous life as a human.
Come to think of it, I even had more empathy back when I was living in the
goblin village.
Taking a life no longer gives me pause, and I barely feel any shock if
someone I know is killed.
It’s not that I’ve abandoned my emotions completely.
I think I’ve just accepted what it truly means to live in this world.
Although that doesn’t necessarily mean that I know what exactly I should
be doing.
“I’d better focus on this battle for now and worry about that later.”
It’s never a good idea to let yourself get distracted in a battle, even if it’s
lackluster.
Reminding myself of that out loud, I scan the battlefield.
At a glance, it seems like one particular clump of defenders on the wall is
putting up a lot of resistance.
Page 75
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 85 (PDF index) ---
Countless spells fly out from behind that section of the wall, causing
massive damage to any soldiers who try to approach.
It’s immediately obvious that their power and coordination are leagues
above the other rebel forces.
Those must be the rebellion’s core magic users.
In the other areas, our forces are steadily advancing through the breaches
made by my exploding swords.
It’s only a matter of time before the walls fall completely.
Rather than continuing to hammer those areas at the risk of harming my
allies in the process, it’s probably best if I focus on the area they can’t get
into.
I produce a new exploding sword from Spatial Storage and throw it at the
enemy position that’s still putting up a fight.
There’s a fair amount of distance between us, but with my status and
Throw skill level, it should reach without a problem.
But as the sword flies through the air, a spell flies from behind the
fortifications to intercept it, and it explodes before it can reach the wall.
Damn. If it had gotten just a little bit closer, the blast would’ve caused
considerable damage to the wall.
But I guess it wasn’t a total loss, since now I know that there’s a mage
over there skilled enough to intercept my exploding swords in midair.
Whoever they are, they must be powerful in their own right.
But there’s no way they can measure up to the old mage I encountered in
the human realm.
And I’ve gotten a lot stronger since I met that old mage, so I don’t feel
very threatened by these mages.
Still, now that my Wrath trump card is off-limits, I can’t let my guard
down.
It’s all too easy to lose your life in this world.
So I have no intention of holding back, even if it ends up being overkill.
I take out two more exploding swords and throw them both at once.
Then, while they’re still in the air, I start running toward the wall, pulling
out yet another exploding sword while on the move.
It’s not easy to use Spatial Storage while moving, but it’d be a waste of
the many swords I have in storage otherwise.
Luckily, unlike other Spatial Magic, Spatial Storage is relatively easy to
Page 76
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 86 (PDF index) ---
use, so I’ve managed to master it with practice.
It does still take a while to get the magic swords out, though, so it leaves
me open to attack for a moment.
My ultimate goal is to be able to produce magic swords from Spatial
Storage as quickly and as easily as breathing, but it’ll be a long time before I
can accomplish that.
Still, in this situation, I’m not too worried about such a brief vulnerability.
The two swords I threw before are hit with counterfire before they reach
the wall.
They must be more cautious after the first throw—even though I threw
two swords this time, they shot them down while they were still much farther
away from the wall.
But that’s all.
They’re not coming after me personally as I run toward the wall.
I keep throwing more swords as I get closer.
Producing two swords at once and throwing them as I’m running would
be a little too difficult, so I’m just doing one at a time.
That might not seem like much in theory, but the more time passes, the
closer I get to the wall and the shorter the distance my swords have to fly.
And a shorter distance means less time before my exploding swords hit
their mark.
In other words, there’s less time for the mages to shoot them down.
Magic takes time to cast, and it must require a lot of concentration to aim
spells at a flying target.
While they have to take the time to carefully cast the spell and aim
precisely to intercept my swords on their flight path, all I have to do is throw
as soon as I have another sword in hand. It’s plain to see that I have the
advantage.
I need to use Spatial Storage, too, so it’s not a huge advantage, but since
the rebel army also has to deal with soldiers besides me, even that small
difference can prove fatal.
Sure enough, as I throw more swords, the responding fire slows down,
until finally one of them explodes very close to the wall.
It’s not a direct hit, but it’s close enough that the shock waves leave some
faint cracks in the wall.
And I’m sure the rebels fighting inside the walls have taken even more
Page 77
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 87 (PDF index) ---
damage.
The blast probably sent a shock wave through the firing ports they were
shooting through, and I’m sure hearing an explosion at such close range will
affect their ears.
That should cause no small amount of chaos.
It’s not a fatal amount of damage, but for mages who need to concentrate
on their spells as much as possible, it’s definitely a big problem.
And I’m not kind enough to let an opportunity like that slip by unnoticed.
The next magic sword I hurl hits the wall without any interference and
explodes.
The wall comes tumbling down, and the rebels who were behind it get
caught in the explosion.
By the time the dust clears, I’ve reached the place where the wall once
stood and charge inside, my magic swords made for close combat in each
hand.
Unlike the single-use exploding swords, the swords I’m currently
wielding were infused with as much MP as I could muster.
There’s a flaming sword in my right hand and a sword crackling with
electricity in my left.
By feeding MP into them, I can instantly produce fire and lightning
attacks at least as strong as the explosions, or stronger, and control those
effects at will.
And of course, mages are rarely good at close combat.
My magic stats are actually higher than my physical stats, but that’s just a
natural result of the huge amount of MP I use for my Weapon Creation skill.
My real strength lies in using the magic swords I create with all that MP
to execute attacks more high-powered than magic in close combat, at least by
my own analysis.
As long as I can get close enough to the opponent, my victory is all but
assured.
I quickly scan my surroundings, ignoring anyone killed in the blast or too
wounded to put up a fight, then charge at whoever’s nearby who looks
relatively healthy.
“Graaah!”
“W-wait?!”
The hooded figures fall beneath my blade, putting up little resistance.
Page 78
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 88 (PDF index) ---
I guess a robe is a reasonable thing for a mage to wear, but it’s not like
wearing armor in this world lowers the effectiveness of magic or anything.
Some of them are indeed wearing armor under their hooded robes.
But for some reason, they’re all hiding their faces.
This strikes me as strange, but I just keep moving forward, slashing all the
while.
It’s only when I send the head of one of the hooded men rolling to the
ground and see his face that I realize who they are.
To be precise, it’s the ears that tip me off.
“Elves?”
Unlike humans or demons, the man has long, pointed ears.
From what I’ve heard, that’s definitely a trademark feature of elves.
I don’t know a lot of the details, but I do know that the elves are enemies
of the Demon Lord, Miss Ariel. I unexpectedly fought some of them myself
while I was half-controlled by Wrath.
So why are the elves fighting alongside the rebels here?
I’m not sure what’s going on exactly, but it doesn’t change my mission.
Defeat the enemy. That’s all.
Just then, I hear a voice that stops me in my tracks.
“Iijima!”
It’s my name from my old life, the one I thought I’d left behind.
“Please just stop!”
My hand freezes, still raising my sword above my head.
A small figure pushes her way in between me and the hooded man I was
about to finish off.
With her hood removed, the person between us looks like nothing more
than a little elf girl.
No, that’s exactly what she is.
In fact, I think I remember seeing a girl like this when I stumbled upon a
band of elves in the human territory and slaughtered them, thinking they were
human mercenaries lying in wait to kill me.
And didn’t she call my name that time, too…?
I was barely lucid because of Wrath’s control, so I had assumed it was an
illusion or a daydream, but I guess I was wrong.
“Who are you?”
I point the tip of my sword at the elf girl as I address her in Japanese.
Page 79
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 89 (PDF index) ---
Since she knows my old name, I have a rough idea of what might be
going on here.
It’s just a question of which one of them she is.
“Okazaki… Kanami Okazaki.”
She answers in fluent Japanese.
I can tell from her pronunciation that she must be a native speaker.
Which means…she’s the real deal.
A reincarnation from Japan, just like me.
And her name is the same as our class’s homeroom teacher.
“…It’s been a long time, Ms. Oka. Although this isn’t how I would have
liked to be reunited.”
I keep my sword pointed at my teacher as I speak.
“Wh-why are you doing this?!”
What an absurd question.
“If anything, I think I’m the one who should be asking that question. Why
in the world are you supporting a rebel army and interfering with the order of
the demons?”
I can’t figure out why these elves are helping the rebels, nor why Ms. Oka
would be with them.
I guess I do understand why the rebels are angry in theory, but since I
know the secret of Taboo, that’s little more than a laugh to me.
Miss Ariel is doing what’s right for this world.
I’m sure it seems like the height of insanity to those who haven’t
discovered the truth, but Miss Ariel knows exactly what she’s doing and acts
with firm conviction and determination.
That’s why I’m willing to crush the rebel army without a moment’s
hesitation.
“I’m…fighting to rescue the reincarnations who have been kidnapped by
the Demon Lord.”
“What?”
I knit my brow, genuinely confused by what my teacher is trying to say.
Reincarnations, kidnapped by the Demon Lord?
As far as I know, the only other reincarnations in the demon territory are
Miss White and Miss Sophia.
But best I can tell, they’re both working with the Demon Lord of their
own accord, certainly not being held captive.
Page 80
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 90 (PDF index) ---
How did Ms. Oka misunderstand things so wildly?
“You too, Iijima… Please forget about all this and just take my hand. The
elves are protecting the reincarnations. Everyone else is there, too… You
won’t need to do such awful things anymore. So please come with me.”
Ms. Oka reaches out her hand to me.
I feel like she just presented me with a lot of important information, but I
can analyze all that later.
Right now, there’s something I have to say.
“I’m not sure what false impression you’re under, but I’m here of my own
free will. And I have no intention of taking your hand.”
Ms. Oka looks up at me with her eyes widening in shock. Evidently, she
didn’t expect me to refuse.
“I’m fighting because of my own convictions, not because anyone forced
me to. It’s what I believe is the right thing to do. I don’t feel any shame for
my actions.”
Ms. Oka shakes her head slowly, as if she doesn’t believe what she’s
hearing. Her face is turning pale.
“Let me ask you a question instead. You said I’m doing ‘awful things,’
and yet, here you are doing the very same. Can you really reach out to your
student with those bloodstained hands, claiming to offer me help?”
At that, her eyes get even wider, and her face loses all color completely.
It’s true—by joining the rebel army, that’s exactly what she’s doing.
The elves in her little unit have caused no small amount of losses to the
Demon Lord’s army.
I don’t know if Ms. Oka herself has been fighting, but judging by her
reaction, I’m guessing she wasn’t just standing around watching.
She claims she’s doing this to protect her former students, yet she’s
participating in a battle that’s claimed the lives of countless unrelated
soldiers.
Can you really call that just?
“Ms. Oka.”
Page 81
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 91 (PDF index) ---
Page 82
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 92 (PDF index) ---
As I address her in a low voice, her shoulders tremble to an almost
comical degree.
“If you can’t even deny that, then I most definitely won’t take your hand.”
Still, even I’m not heartless enough to want to cut down someone I know
from my former life.
I guess I’m not quite that determined yet.
Feeling as if I’m in no position to lecture Ms. Oka, I open my mouth to
concede the fight.
But then my body is suddenly blown backward.
“Huh?!”
I don’t understand what just happened.
But something on my right, from the direction of the wall, must have
attacked me.
At least, I assume so from the fact that my right hand is broken, and a dull
pain is radiating from the right side of my ribs.
I’d been trying to keep an eye on my surroundings even as I conversed
with Ms. Oka.
I would never let my guard down on enemy ground, even if I ran into an
old acquaintance.
So if something was able to damage me like this in spite of my caution,
they must have sniped me from someplace I couldn’t detect them, or else
they’re considerably skilled.
Either way, whoever it was is definitely a threat!
I manage to right myself in midair and land on my feet instead of falling.
Without even looking, I launch a lightning attack from the sword in my
left hand in the direction the attack seemed to have originated, hoping to
ward off any follow-up attacks.
As the lightning spreads outward, just as destructively powerful as one of
my exploding swords, its light illuminates several hooded figures.
Ms. Oka is shouting something, but it’s not in a language I understand.
All I see is the person she protected from me earlier grabbing her from
behind and dragging her away. With her small frame, there’s nothing she can
do to escape from the large man carrying her with her arms pinned behind her
Page 83
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 93 (PDF index) ---
back.
To be honest, I don’t really want to let her get away, but it doesn’t look
like I’ll have a chance to pursue her.
The hooded figures in front of me seem very different from the elves I
was fighting before.
The attack from my lightning sword doesn’t appear to have harmed them
at all, so they must be pretty powerful.
I could be in trouble here.
Then the hooded people get blown away.
If I wasn’t on a battlefield, I would be rubbing my eyes in disbelief.
All of the hooded figures just got sent flying.
Well, that’s fine, I guess.
I mean, it isn’t, but let’s just accept that actually happened for the time
being.
The problem is that the culprits who sent them flying are a couple of little
girls who don’t look much older than Ms. Oka did.
And if my eyes aren’t deceiving me, it happened by way of three of the
little girls swinging a fourth little girl, tied up in white thread, right into the
hooded figures.
…What in the world is going on here?
The sense of danger I felt just moments ago is rapidly replaced by
mounting confusion.
“Thaaaaat’s enooooough!”
The girl wrapped up in thread wobbles to her feet, shrieking with rage.
In a matter of seconds, the thread gets shredded away to nothing.
Frighteningly enough, that action somehow turns the air around us
violently cold.
My breath comes out in white puffs.
The young girl pulls out a broadsword the size of her own body that was
strapped to her back.
She looks way more threatening than anyone her size has any right to be.
“Miss Sophia.”
It’s the unforgettable Sophia, one of my fellow reincarnations.
I have no idea what she’s doing here, but I think it’s safe to assume that
Page 84
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 94 (PDF index) ---
she’s an ally.
To be honest, I’m a little relieved.
“Hmm? What’s got you looking so beat-up? How embarrassing.”
As soon as she notices me, Sophia just sneers scornfully.
Although after what I just saw, I can’t help but wonder if I’m really the
one who should be embarrassed right now.
But I’m wise enough not to say that out loud.
Over the course of this conversation, the other three girls silently and
dispassionately charge after the hooded figures and mercilessly bring them
down.
It’s so extreme that I almost wonder if they really need to take it that far.
The sounds of their strikes resemble explosions more than the expected thuds
of kicks and punches.
This quickly went from a surprise attack to an outright slaughter.
The girls’ excessive violence continues until you can barely even tell what
shape the hooded figures were supposed to be.
“Isn’t that going a little overboard?”
It’s not that I feel pity for the enemy, but I’m not a big fan of beating a
dead horse or, in this case, person. Maybe I shouldn’t have said anything,
since they just came to my rescue and all, but I couldn’t help myself.
“Excuse me? Take a good look and then tell me if you agree with what
you just said.”
Miss Sophia picks up one of the hooded would-be assailants and holds the
body out for me to see.
“Huh?!”
I can barely believe my eyes.
Beneath the hood is not a bloodied corpse but what appears to be the
scraps of a machine.
“You’ve never seen this before? You might say it’s the true identity of the
elven war machine. If we don’t take them down fast, they could pose a very
real threat, and you can’t be sure they’re done for unless you destroy them
completely. Now do you understand?”
I had no idea machines like that existed in this world…
Is that even allowed?
No. I guess it isn’t.
“Sorry. I had no idea.”
Page 85
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com

--- PAGE 95 (PDF index) ---
I have to acknowledge my own ignorance here.
Now I understand why they had no choice but to literally tear them apart.
“Ew, it leaked on me. Gross.”
Miss Sophia flings the humanoid machine away as if she’s touched
something foul.
As she wipes her hand with a handkerchief, my gaze drifts to the
abandoned scrap metal–like remains.
Its body is made primarily of mechanical parts.
But the part Sophia was holding—the head—is leaking some kind of
gooey substance.
“I guess they’re not completely machine, then…?”
“It’s just awful, isn’t it?”
I nod wordlessly in response.
To think that someone committed such atrocities without a second
thought…
This crosses the line in a way that’s almost hard to believe.
Most shocking of all is that the sick bastard who did it is connected to Ms.
Oka.
“I can’t believe she had the nerve to say that to me when she was working
alongside these things.”
“Hmm? Who?”
“I’ll tell you later. It has to do with all of us reincarnations, so I’d like to
include Miss White in the conversation, too.”
I have to inform them about Ms. Oka.
But first, we have to crush the rebel army.
“All right. Let’s wrap things up here, then.”
A sinister grin spreads across Miss Sophia’s face.
From the bottom of my heart, I am eternally grateful that she and the other
girls aren’t my enemies.
Page 86
Goldenagato | mp4directs.com