 LIVE BROADCAST FROM THE LEADERS’
MEETING
The Demon Lord, the original taratect and strongest monster in existence to
my knowledge.
The pontiff of the Word of God religion, the biggest religion in the world,
who also holds ruler authority.
Güli-güli, who as an administrator is essentially a god in this world.
And Potimas, the patriarch of the elves, who wields technology
supposedly lost in ancient times.
It’s an impressive lineup.
Four of the most prominent figures in this world, all gathered in one spot.
But the atmosphere isn’t exactly pleasant.
You can feel tension crackling in the air.
Some of our number, like Vampy and the puppet spiders, have already
pulled back far away to escape the intensity.
Although I gotta say, it’s a little disappointing that the wind dragon who
supposedly rules this place joined their retreat.
Come on—you’re a dragon. Don’t run away.
I feel a little bad for the pontiff’s guard and Potimas’s aide, though.
They’re both Spatial Magic users, so they must be here for transportation
and protection.
But they hardly have any other skills, maybe because Spatial Magic costs
so many skill points.
I’ve only ever seen one other Spatial Magic user, the mage I’ve run into a
few times, but these guys are way weaker than he is.
Frankly, I don’t think they’re qualified to be guarding these people.

It looks like they have no choice but to just stand here in this horribly
awkward face-off. They must feel like their life spans are draining away.
I mean, they are guards, technically speaking.
So of course they can’t run away.
Honestly, I’m starting to feel pity and even empathy for them.
Why, you ask?
Because the stupid Demon Lord isn’t letting me run away, either!
I tried to leave with Vampy and company, but she said, “White, you’re
with me,” and stopped me with a big smile on her face.
Why am I getting tossed into this meeting of the minds?
I don’t get it.
As a compromise, I’ve got Sael with me.
C’mon—she’s injured, so I have to fix her.
She can’t do it without me, so I’m working on that while I listen in.
Besides, I have to do something or I’ll go crazy from all the tension!
Since I dragged her into this, Sael’s been sitting there stiffly with the
expression of a dead fish.
Seriously, you’ve never seen a puppet with eyes this clouded.
“Well? What do you mean, Gülie can’t do it alone? In fact, what are you
even doing here? Did you finally decide to show your face so I can kill you
or what?”
The Demon Lord tosses a match into the powder keg.
“Don’t be so hard-hearted. I only happened to see something interesting
while I was monitoring you people, so I decided to come by. I figured you’d
need me to deal with this situation anyway.”
Brushing off the Demon Lord’s murderous glare, Potimas flicks his hair
back with a melancholic expression.
Did he just casually admit that he’s been spying on us?
Well, there are a few surveillance bots in my Detection range right now,
so I guess that’s not too surprising.
But has he been watching us from outside my Detection range somehow,
too?
With Panoptic Vision, maybe?
But Panoptic Vision is a skill, so I feel like that would register on
Detection, too.
Wait, was he using some physical means like a telescope or something?

Hrm. I guess I wouldn’t be able to detect that.
There were times when he seemed to lose track of us, so I’d like to think
he hasn’t been watching us around the clock, but there’s no way to be sure.
Besides, there’s someone else here who’s probably been monitoring us,
too.
I steal a surreptitious glance at the pontiff.
He might look like a kind, harmless person, but considering the timing
with which he arrived here, he was almost certainly keeping an eye on us.
Otherwise, how would he show up right after that UFO thing appeared?
The elves and the Word of God religion… I guess two major groups have
been spying on us, then.
Maybe I can report them as stalkers to the police?
Oh, I guess there isn’t any police in this world, huh? Riiight.
“Look at this.”
Reaching into his breast pocket, Potimas produces a spherical, palm-size
object.
There’s a round hole in the center of the ball, which starts emitting light
that projects a three-dimensional image into the empty air.
Ooooh! Now, that’s pretty futuristic.
I get excited for a second, but that lasts only until I take a look at the
image.
It’s unmistakably a projection of that UFO.
“What is this?” Güli-güli asks, sounding perplexed.
“Can’t you tell?” Potimas responds coolly. “It’s the schematics of that
floating weapon, code name ‘G-Fleet.’”
Wait a second.
Why the hell do you have that?
“Why in the world do you have such a thing?”
The pontiff voices my question out loud.
“Do I really need to spell it out for you to understand?”
Potimas simply sneers mockingly at the pontiff and gives no further
explanation.
I could swear I see a little vein popping on the pontiff’s placid face.
You can practically hear the air crackling as the tension reaches a
breaking point.
Hmm. So my guess was right, then?

This elf bastard must be the one who developed that UFO!
Otherwise, why would he have the schematics for a weapon that’s clearly
supposed to be top secret?
Why would you make something like this, man?!
“So this whole mess is your fault, then.”
The Demon Lord takes a long, slow step toward Potimas.
“Do not rush to conclusions,” Potimas responds calmly, practically rolling
his eyes. “Yes, I created the plans for it, but I did not create it. In fact, I did
not even know it had been made until now. Otherwise, why would I come all
the way here?”
Somehow, his attitude seems to imply that anyone who would fail to
understand such a basic fact and recklessly attack him is nothing but an
annoying fool.
The Demon Lord seems to sense that he’s mocking her, too; she’s smiling
like always, but it doesn’t reach her eyes.
I imagine a grating noise as the air gets even heavier.
“Long ago, I gave the schematics to a certain nation in exchange for
funding and supplies for my research. I thought they would simply use parts
of the designs to create other weapons, but I never imagined they would
actually build it to completion like this.”
He heaves a deep, heartfelt sigh.
The rest of us stare at this uncharacteristic state in confusion.
“Who would develop a thing like that? It’s simply not realistic. I wasn’t
even completely serious when I created those plans. Frankly, it’s nothing
short of shameful to see it take form like this.”
Apparently, Potimas has his own unique standards.
To him, the existence of that UFO is…an embarrassment, I guess?
I don’t get it.
But, well, I can see why he would say it’s not realistic to actually make
that UFO.
I mean, look how huge it is.
That must have made it crazy difficult to create.
Even on Earth, building something that colossal would take an
unthinkable amount of time and money.
How many hours did it take to make that several-miles-long UFO?
Not to mention, when it was finally finished, they buried it deep

underground without even using it, only to bust it out randomly so many
years later? What a massive, confusing pain.
“So that is why you intend to assist us?” Güli-güli asks, but Potimas
shakes his head.
“No. That is only my personal feeling on the matter. I have another reason
to help: If we leave that thing to its own devices, it could very well destroy
the planet. Obviously, even I wouldn’t be thrilled about that.”
Sorry, what?
Did he just casually say something about destroying the planet?
Seriously? Is this UFO really that dangerous?
“Is that true?” Güli-güli asks dubiously.
“Sadly, it is the truth. I would be much happier if it was a joke.” Potimas
almost looks meek. “The G-Fleet itself does not have that much destructive
capability. The problem is the bomb that is most likely loaded on board.”
Potimas touches the ball in his hand that’s displaying the 3-D schematics.
The projected image changes into a new object: a sphere.
It’s a small ball, not much different from the projection device Potimas is
currently holding in his hands.
“The GMA bomb. The more MA energy it is filled with, the more
powerful it becomes.”
Potimas’s explanation is short and simple.
Everyone reacts to the phrase “MA energy”—including me, of course.
“Hrm. And what is the difference between this bomb’s minimum and
maximum power?”
The pontiff looks at the image of the bomb thoughtfully.
“Hmph. Is there really any need to discuss its minimum power? That
would mean its state when the bomb has no MA energy at all. It cannot run
without fuel. In other words, it would not explode. Was that not quite
obvious?”
Potimas’s tone is obviously insulting.
Instantly, the pontiff’s normally genial expression goes flat.
Crackle, crackle. There’s serious electricity in the air now, and not in a
good way.
“And its maximum power is as I just said. In the worst-case scenario, it
could blow away this entire planet. However, that is only a theoretical
maximum; it would be impossible to extract that much MA energy.

According to my simulations, the damage would probably be limited to
destroying this continent at the most. Although, that would really not be
much different from the destruction of the planet.”
Oh. Uhhh. Um.
Is this a joke?
No, Potimas isn’t the type to make that kind of joke… So it’s true, then?
For real?
That UFO is carrying a bomb that could wreck this continent?
Well, shit!
This thing already seems like it could wipe out humanity without much
trouble, but it’s also got a bomb that could destroy this entire continent?!
Dude, this is even worse than I thought.
“Why do you believe it’s equipped with this bomb?”
“That, too, is a schematic I gave to that nation. The plans for the G-Fleet,
along with the plans for the GMA bomb. And the G-Fleet is designed to carry
the GMA bomb. That way, if the G-Fleet has insufficient fuel, it can draw
energy from the GMA bomb. Essentially, it is a backup fuel source. If these
people went so far as to make the G-Fleet, I doubt they would leave out such
a crucial component.”
“I see.”
In other words, the UFO is designed to work as a set with the bomb, so
it’s probably best to assume that it’s got one on board.
“And according to my observations with a MA-energy measuring
instrument, it is all but certain there is a GMA bomb on board.”
Potimas looks at the UFO in the distance.
There’s a way to measure MA energy?
And he’s saying the results somehow confirm that the UFO has this
bomb?
I guess it must have detected the MA energy being used by the bomb or
something.
“Fortunately, it does not seem as if the G-Fleet is going to drop the GMA
bomb right away. As you may imagine from the GMA bomb’s power, the G-
Fleet is only designed to drop the bomb from outer space, high enough that
the G-Fleet will not be caught in the ensuing explosion. Since it has not
ascending to that height, it is safe to assume that it is not actively attempting
to drop the GMA bomb.”

Well, if the designer of the damn thing says so, I guess he’s probably
right. Still, it’s not exactly reassuring.
“However, it is possible that it will passively drop the GMA bomb.”
Great. I knew I was right to still be nervous.
“There are several emergency situations in which the G-Fleet will eject
the bomb. For instance, if the G-Fleet is shot down.”
The damn thing self-destructs?!
I mean, I guess that’s kinda poetic, but come onnn.
But now I can guess why Potimas came here so quickly.
If Güli-güli had unknowingly brought the UFO down, it would have
dropped a bomb that might have destroyed the whole continent.
Bringing the UFO down apparently won’t prevent the bomb from
exploding, either.
So Güli-güli could have acted as an administrator to protect the world
from danger, only to end up pulling the trigger that destroyed the world
instead.
Yikes.
“You said ‘several,’ did you not? What are the other conditions?”
“If it enters a confrontation with a dragon.”
Potimas’s utterly casual response makes the rest of our expressions freeze.
“It was originally designed as a countermeasure against dragons, you see.
Is that really so surprising?”
So if Güli-güli, the dragon boss, tries to attack it, it’ll automatically drop
the bomb?
We’re screwed, then!
Hmm. Wait a minute, though.
Doesn’t that seem a little too convenient?
“Is that really true, I wonder?”
The pontiff seems to have the same suspicions as I do.
He might look like a kindly old man, but the way he’s glaring now, he
could probably kill someone just by looking at them.
“If you doubt my words, why not find out for yourself?”
Potimas ignores the pontiff’s glare, turning to stare at Güli-güli.
In response, Güli-güli closes his eyes, looking conflicted.
Is Potimas lying? It’s entirely possible.
We definitely can’t completely trust anything this guy says.

But even if some of the information he’s given us is false, it would be
impossible to tell which parts, and I don’t know what he would gain by lying.
If any of what he’s said so far isn’t true, the only reason I could think of is
that he doesn’t want to let Güli-güli deal with the UFO, which doesn’t make a
lot of sense.
I don’t know what he would want instead, and we don’t even really know
if he’s lying.
“Well, whether you believe me or not, there is something I would like you
to do if possible.”
As all of us mull over our doubts about Potimas, the man himself throws
us another curveball.
He manipulates the projector in his hands again, displaying a different
schematic.
The new floating image is…an octopus?
Some kind of multi-legged machine anyway.
“This is another weapon schematic I gave those same people. It is a
defective weapon, however—since it has no use except for the G-Fleet, I
assumed it would not be made.”
Potimas smiles at his own folly.
It’s a very specific kind of pathos, like someone whose stupid drawings of
“legendary weapons” from their nerdy past had been made into reality and
shared with the world.
That might even be how Potimas feels right now.
“The G-Meteo. A disruptive weapon that is meant to pull in asteroids
from among the moons and drop them onto this planet.”
…Wait, what?
For a second, I don’t understand what Potimas is saying, but you can’t
blame me.
Moons? Asteroids? I guess those aren’t words you’d normally hear in this
world.
I’m still learning the language around here, okay?
But once I understand the words, it makes even less sense.
Seriously, what?
Dropping asteroids on the planet?
“Ariel. Did you see anything get fired up toward space?”
Potimas looks at the Demon Lord.

She pauses for a moment, maybe searching her memories, then makes a
face as she remembers.
I remember, too. I saw it.
The flare that spewed up from the ground before the UFO appeared.
And in that flare, the shadow of something flying up toward space.
The Demon Lord and I both saw it.
If what we saw was the octopus thing Potimas is talking about, then it’s
already well on its way into space.
“I did,” the Demon Lord says, looking reluctant to admit it. “I don’t know
if it was this thing or not, but something definitely shot up there.”
“I suspected as much. If they made the G-Fleet, then I feared they might
have made this as well… So they really did, did they?”
Even Potimas looks pained now.
Guess I don’t blame him.
The weapons he semi-jokingly designed have all been made into reality.
I mean, those octopus things are weapons designed to drop meteors, right?
How could that possibly be anything but a joke?
A meteor falling from the sky? That’s the kind of thing you talk about as
an apocalypse-level disaster, no matter what era you’re from.
The kind of end you can’t do anything about.
Good-bye, world. That’s what a giant falling meteor means.
And you’re telling me this guy intentionally designed a weapon to do just
that?
How stupid can you get?!
Why would you make something like that?!
If you thought about it even a little bit, anyone would realize you could
never use it!
“Ugh, what the hell were you thinking when you designed this thing?”
The Demon Lord shakes her head tiredly.
“It was so long ago that I’ve long forgotten, but I was probably just
blowing off some steam after a long stretch of research.”
Great. Now the entire world is in danger thanks to you “blowing off some
steam.”
“All right, first things first. I’m gonna kill you.”
“Just so we’re clear, I designed those weapons, but I did not actually make
them. The blame lies with the people who actually built these things.”

“So you’re trying to say it’s not your fault that the world is about to be
destroyed? That’s a bit of a stretch, don’t you think?”
“I certainly do not. I simply provided the knowledge—what they decided
to do with it is none of my business. I’ve done nothing wrong.”
The Demon Lord and Potimas glare at each other.
The tension in the air is snap, crackle, and popping now.
“Enough. Debating where the blame lies is pointless.”
Good thing Güli-güli’s here to intervene.
The Demon Lord huffs anyway, looking even more irritated.
But she still drops her fighting stance because she’s an adult… I guess?
“For now, let us summarize the situation. Firstly, that floating object is a
weapon called a G-Fleet. It is equipped with a so-called GMA bomb, which
has the capacity to destroy an entire continent. And the G-Meteo, a weapon
that can catch asteroids and drop them onto this planet, is already flying into
space. Does that sound right so far?”
We all nod at Güli-güli’s simple summary.
“These weapons’ goals are currently unknown. However, since they have
been activated without purpose, it is possible they will begin destroying
things indiscriminately. The G-Meteo, in particular, may already be trying to
drop asteroids onto this planet. Is that correct?”
“It is.” Potimas nods grimly.
So these weapons have activated their attack mechanisms solely to fend
off intruders, then.
Hmm? Wait, does that mean we’re also at fault for activating those
things?
If we hadn’t entered the ruins, the UFO might have stayed sleeping
underground.
…Let’s not bring that up.
Wouldn’t want people to start blaming us.
“Whether they plan to begin wreaking havoc or simply stay on standby,
we cannot leave them be. Now, let us begin our plan of attack for each
weapon. Potimas, you want me to deal with the G-Meteo, correct?”
“I am glad you understand, Güliedistodiez. Now that the G-Meteo is in
space, you are the only one who can destroy it.”
Of the weapons we have to destroy, one of them is already flying into
space.

And the only one of us who can do anything in outer space is Güli-güli,
being a god and all.
We don’t have any other choice.
“Then the role of dealing with the G-Fleet will fall to our remaining
number, yes?”
Potimas looks at the Demon Lord, the pontiff, and finally, me.
Hey, don’t include me in this!
And why is the Demon Lord nodding in agreement?!
“Is it not possible for me to assist with the G-Fleet before moving to deal
with the G-Meteo?”
Ooh, good thinking, Güli-güli. But Potimas shakes his head.
“It would be best if you didn’t. As I said before, that is an anti-dragon
weapon. And one loaded with an extremely dangerous self-destruct feature,
no less. What do you think will happen if a dragon like you approaches it?”
Güli-güli falls silent, unable to retort.
“Besides, either way, we cannot waste time waiting for you to return.”
Potimas manipulates the projector device again, showing a new image.
It’s live footage, probably taken by a remote recording device.
“Whoa,” the Demon Lord murmurs.
The image shows the UFO, sending countless robots to the earth.
The UFO has dropped its altitude until it’s floating just above the ground,
its hatch open to dispatch robots down a long ramp. There are even some of
the tanks we saw in the ruins.
I see at least a few thousand robots, maybe even tens of thousands.
And it still keeps producing more.
Once the robots reach the ground, they line up in formations and start
moving forward.
“As you can see, the G-Fleet’s forces have already begun their advance.
Judging by their current speed and direction, they will reach human
habitation within a half a day.”
The pontiff turns pale at this.
Judging by his reaction, he must be thinking that these things can’t be
allowed to reach a human town at any cost.
“There is no time to spare, then.”
“Indeed. We have no choice but to attack them simultaneously.”
Güli-güli looks at Potimas intently, as if trying to gauge his true motives.

Potimas meets his gaze steadily.
From his attitude, it doesn’t seem like he has anything to hide, but that in
itself is kind of suspicious, which is a little amazing in a way.
What he’s said so far has made sense, but I do get the feeling he might be
deliberately trying to get Güli-güli away from this planet.
Maybe that sounds paranoid, but I know better than to trust this guy
completely.
“May I see those schematics?”
“Go ahead.”
Güli-güli asks Potimas to show him the schematics in more detail. He
must have the same suspicions.
Potimas agrees right away and hands Güli-güli the projection device.
Güli-güli fiddles with it, pulling up the schematics to take a closer look.
I don’t have any technical knowledge, so staring at these schematics
doesn’t really tell me anything. But everyone else is peering at them intently.
The UFO, the bomb, the octopus. He pulls up each schematic one by one.
“He does not appear to be lying.”
Finally, determining that there are no contradictions in the plans, Güli-güli
hands the device back to Potimas and sighs.
I mean, it would’ve been kinda hard to whip up fake plans in such a short
span of time, so I think he’s probably telling the truth.
But they say the best liars tell 90 percent of the truth with 10 percent lies
mixed in, and based on this short conversation, I wouldn’t be surprised if
Potimas was exactly that type.
He’s not lying, but he might be trying to use the situation to his advantage
for some kind of scheme.
Like, it’s true that Güli-güli has to be the one to deal with the octopus, but
what if this is a while the cat’s away type of situation where Potimas is going
to get up to no good as soon as Güli-güli’s gone?
Everyone else stares at Potimas suspiciously, just like I am.
“I am sure I cannot convince you to trust me completely, but I swear to
you that I fully intend to focus on dealing with this situation with all my
might. I would not want this planet to become devoid of life, after all.”
The Demon Lord, Güli-güli, and the pontiff all exchange glances.
I can pretty much tell the silent conversation that’s going on among them.
What should we do? This seems suspicious, but we have no choice.

Not much of a private conversation, guys. Well, I guess they’re not really
trying to hide it.
“Very well.” Güli-güli nods reluctantly. “I will go deal with the G-Meteo
while the rest of you contend with the G-Fleet.”
That means this planet’s strongest defense will temporarily be up in space,
but at least there won’t be any asteroids being dropped on us by that octopus.
I’m sure Güli-güli can deal with that octopus no problem.
The real issue is what the rest of the group is going to do.
How are they going to beat that UFO?
Ah, I guess I shouldn’t be talking like this isn’t my problem.
“So? What’s our plan of attack here?” the Demon Lord drawls.
Her attitude says that she’ll hear out Potimas’s strategy, but if she doesn’t
like it, she’s absolutely gonna disagree and do whatever she wants.
“Obviously, our top priority should be dealing with the GMA bomb. As
such, we will have to infiltrate the G-Fleet. The infiltration team will disable
the GMA bomb, while the rest will keep the G-Fleet occupied from the
outside. Once the GMA bomb has been disabled, we can either entrust the
rest to Güliedistodiez or bring it down with our own hands. Is that
acceptable?”
Potimas’s proposed plan is simple but effective. Honestly, I don’t think
we have any other option.
The Demon Lord and the pontiff both nod.
“Dustin.” Potimas turns to the pontiff. “How many forces can you gather
here?”
“Thirty thousand elite human soldiers.”
Wow, that was a quick response.
You can really gather that many people so quickly?
“You can mobilize that many at the drop of a hat? How’d you manage to
fail at invading Sariella and lose so many soldiers, then?” The Demon Lord
snickers.
The pontiff did attempt to attack Sariella and failed.
Mainly because the Demon Lord and I had a huge face-off that decimated
their forces in their first battle, and then my Parallel Minds went on a
rampage that did even more damage.
In other words, it’s basically all my fault!
But in the end, it meant I was able to protect Vampy’s homeland, so I

don’t feel bad in the least.
In this case, however, it’s kind of a negative, since it means the pontiff has
less forces to put into action.
“No need to worry. The troops I intend to dispatch for this are my
emergency defense forces, unrelated to the army that was sent to Sariella.”
Ooh, gotcha.
“So that means if you bring ’em here, your homeland’s totally
defenseless, huh?”
Oof! The Demon Lord’s being ruthless right now!
She’s right, though. If what the pontiff says is true, that means he’s
bringing all the soldiers who would normally defend his nation over here.
In other words, he’s leaving his homeland wide-open to attack. Should a
leader really be doing that?”
“As I said, they are my emergency forces. And I have determined that this
is indeed an emergency. My people will have nothing to fear,” the pontiff
replies flatly.
Well, if he says so, I see no reason to argue.
Not like I was really worried about some weird holy land I’ve never been
to in the first place. That’s none of my business, right?
“Well then, summon them at once. Have them move to intercept the route
the G-Fleet’s forces are taking.”
“I do not take orders from you. I would have told them the same
regardless.”
Unlike the others, the pontiff blatantly rejects the Demon Lord’s demand.
“Excuse me for a moment, then. I imagine it will take a bit of time to
summon the troops, but I will attempt to return with the utmost haste.”
With that, the pontiff teleports away with his Spatial Magic–using guard.
Damn, that guy acts fast.
Can he seriously gather thirty thousand people on such short notice,
though?
And even if he can, are they gonna do the job right?
Honestly, no matter how many humans you gather, I dunno how much
good they’re gonna do against those robots and tanks and all that junk.
I’m a little worried, but the pontiff seemed raring to go, so I guess we’ll
just have to trust him.
“I will bring elven reinforcements as well. However, I myself intend to

participate in the infiltration of the G-Fleet, as I am by far the most qualified
to handle the GMA bomb. Ariel, and you there, you will enter the G-Fleet
alongside me. That is acceptable, I assume.”
Potimas is looking right at the Demon Lord and me.
Who, me? So I can’t run away; I really have to do this, huh? Gotcha.
Plus, what with the “I assume” and all, he’s not really even asking us if
it’s “acceptable” or not.
So I’m being forced to participate. Cool.
“We’re sending in a small, elite team, then?”
“That is correct.”
“Hrm. All right. But if you try anything funny, I’m gonna kill you, got
it?”
“Certainly. If you think you can handle this without me, then go right
ahead.”
Potimas’s prompt agreement sorta catches me off guard, but it just seems
to make the Demon Lord even warier.
“Give me that.”
The Demon Lord points at the projector in Potimas’s hands; he nods and
hands it to her.
Wow, he really is being cooperative.
That thing contains the plans for the UFO and the bomb and everything.
If we have that, the Demon Lord and I might be able to get by even
without Potimas.
In a way, that means it was kind of his lifeline, but he handed it over
without a second thought.
Huh. I guess he must be serious about taking down this UFO, too.
So maybe he’ll actually be on his best behavior at least until we finish the
job?
Obviously, I can’t let my guard down, but I shouldn’t be overly paranoid,
either.
“Now then, I, too, shall depart for a moment. We will begin our operation
once Dustin and I have returned.”
Like the pontiff, Potimas and the Spatial Magic elf mage teleport away.
Now it’s just the Demon Lord, Güli-güli, and me.
“I shall take action now, as well. Hyuvan!”
“Y-yes, sir!”

Güli-güli calls the wind dragon that’d retreated far away the second this
little meeting began.
So this guy’s name is Hyuvan, huh?
Not that I really plan on remembering that.
“Keep an eye on things here while I’m gone. Follow Ariel’s orders and
help in any way you can.”
“Heh-heh!”
Did its personality change or something?
It still seems like an underling, but now it’s a bit more like it’s the aide of
a corrupt feudal lord or something.
“Ariel. I shall return the moment I’ve taken care of things up there. Be
sure not to do anything foolish before then.”
“Sure thing. Although I might not have a choice if things get too crazy
down here.”
“Even then. You must not die before I come back.”
Güli-güli pats the Demon Lord’s head gently.
Ah! Finally, the adorable scene where the Demon Lord gets treated like a
child!
But the Demon Lord politely removes his hand.
Come on. That’s not what you’re supposed to do!
You’re supposed to blush a little and say I’m not a kid, you know! or
something like that!
“I’ll be off, then.”
“Mm-hmm. You be careful, too.”
After an exchange that makes them seem like a married power couple,
Güli-güli teleports away, too.
I really hope he gets back before the pontiff and Potimas.
Then we wouldn’t have to infiltrate the UFO or anything crazy like that.
But I have a hunch it won’t be that easy.
And my bad feelings are usually right, as much as I wish they’d be wrong
once in a while.
“Whew. You guys goin’ up against that thing or what? Hey, spider lady. It
wouldn’t hurt you or nothin’ even if you gave us the day off, y’know?”
“Oh, don’t you worry. I’m gonna work you so hard, even the boss of a
sweatshop would be horrified.”
The wind dragon whimpers in response.

Oh boy. The Demon Lord and the wind dragon are doing their comedy
routine again.
Is it just me, or do they actually put on a decent show?
And wait a second, does the wind dragon even know what a sweatshop is?
Maybe it doesn’t, but it’s imagining a terrible fate based on context?
Frankly, I’m pretty afraid myself of what my immediate future has in
store for me.
In my arms, Sael has turned pale and practically passed out from the killer
tension that was flying around throughout this meeting.
Yeah, I don’t blame you. Sorry about that. Thanks for sticking with me
through all this.

