 ANTI-UFO BATTLE STRATEGY
It’s been three hours since the soul-crushing awkwardness of that meeting.
In that time, I’ve taken care of Sael’s repairs and evacuated Vampy and
Mera.
I figured it was too dangerous to let them participate in this battle, so I
popped them into the Great Elroe Labyrinth.
Why the Great Elroe Labyrinth, you ask?
Well, if I left them in a village or town somewhere, Potimas might take a
shot at them.
He really is serious about dealing with the UFO, I think, but that doesn’t
mean I can trust him without any doubts.
For all I know, he might try to pull some shady crap behind the scenes
while we’re working on the UFO.
That’s why I put them in the labyrinth, which even Potimas can’t stroll
into so easily.
Incidentally, I left them in the care of the spider army my Parallel Minds
created.
Since they were created by a part of myself, I can use my Kin Control
skill to give them orders.
And my Parallel Minds must have done a good job training them, because
they’re crazy strong.
They wouldn’t lose to any of the monsters that inhabit the Great Elroe
Labyrinth, and even if Potimas did attack, I think they’d be able to defend
themselves to a certain extent.
That means the bloodsucker duo is safe for now.
The baby didn’t look too thrilled about being surrounded by a huge spider
army, but Mera’s with her, so I’m sure she’ll be fine.

So yeah, she and Mera are finally out of the line of fire.
The problem now is the puppet spiders.
I’ve finished repairing Sael. Unlike the rest of her humanlike body, the
new parts are unmistakably puppetlike, but they work just as well.
Now she can fight again.
The question is whether the puppet spiders have high enough specs for
this fight in the first place.
The puppet spiders could take on any number of those robots without a
problem. They proved that in the underground ruins.
But the tanks were a problem for them.
A single tank destroyed almost half of Sael’s body, and the other three’s
attacks didn’t work on it.
I don’t think it’s impossible for them to win in a similar fight, but they
lack both the offense and the defense.
The tank’s main gun can tear through the puppet spiders’ defenses, but
their attacks don’t work on it at all.
Their only option for defense is to dodge.
But that still leaves the issue of offense.
Riel and Fiel’s attacks definitely hit the tank, so if they had some way of
breaking through its armor, they should be able to win.
But that’s easier said than done.
The tank’s armor is covered in the same mysterious barrier Potimas used,
which renders magic totally useless.
It would probably negate any buff effects, too, so destroying the armor
requires brute physical strength.
For some reason, my scythe was able to rip right through it without a
problem, but that doesn’t help much, since I still have no idea what’s going
on with this thing.
It does point me in the right direction, though.
They’d need better weapons.
That’s the only way.
There’s no point trying to raise the puppet spiders’ own attack power at
this stage, so our only hope is to give them stronger weapons.
But even that isn’t so simple.
The puppet spiders’ current weapons are incredibly sharp swords.
They’re strong and sturdy enough that they don’t break even when

whipped around by the puppet spiders’ powerful arms.
It wouldn’t be easy to find weapons that outclass those.
But if we can’t find them, we’ll just have to make ’em!
That’s how I got my scythe, so this can totally work!
As far as the kind of weapon, I don’t think blades are a good option.
Trying to break through that armor with a blade is kinda stupid to begin
with.
When you’re trying to break through crazy-strong armor, the obvious
choice is always gonna be blunt weapons. It’s better to try to punch through
than to try to slice it up.
That way, even if you don’t break the armor, you have a chance of busting
up the mechanisms inside with an attack.
For the materials, I’m using ancient metal.
It’s high-quality stuff, at least as strong or even stronger than the metal
used to make the tank’s armor.
Huh? Where did I get that stuff, you ask?
From the underground ruins, duh.
I went back down into the ruins via the former ant nest.
Then I tore off the metal that was used for the walls of the actual ruins and
went on my merry way.
I mean, that stuff kept its original shape even after those crazy flames ran
through it.
All I had to do was a little tampering with Repellent Evil Eye and Warped
Evil Eye to compress it.
Then I squished it together and made a handle, and voilà, a simple blunt
weapon.
I made six of these for each of the four puppet spiders, for a total of
twenty-four.
They’re a little haphazard, but they should still do more damage than the
puppet spiders’ usual swords.
Since they’re new weapons, the puppet spiders are waving them
experimentally, getting used to their weight.
Hopefully they’ll get the hang of it by the time the battle begins.
Now the puppet spiders should be all prepared.
Meanwhile, the Demon Lord was…summoning queen taratects.
Four of them, no less.

I couldn’t believe my eyes at first.
These are queen taratects we’re talking about, y’know?
They’re the same species as Mother. Can you imagine how I felt seeing
four of them right before my eyes?
I was so shocked, I couldn’t even react!
I guess Mother wasn’t the only queen taratect serving the Demon Lord.
Four crazy-strong beasts like Mother? The Demon Lord’s scary when she
gets serious.
“I figured this isn’t the time to be stingy. I’m pulling out all the stops.”
The four queens form an imposing line.
And then there’s the dragon-wyrm army, led by the wind dragons.
Looks like all the dragons and wyrms in this wasteland have gathered
here.
What’s up with this monster army? I kinda feel like they could easily
destroy the world by themselves.
Shoot. I did think about bringing the spider army from the Great Elroe
Labyrinth, but I figured it was better to leave them there to guard the
bloodsucker duo and all.
Giant spider monsters, dragons, and wyrms, oh my.
“Pardon the wait. I have returned with the Word of God army of thirty
thousand.”
The pontiff shows up to add his army to the mix.
The mage who undertook this huge Large-Scale Teleport to bring the
army all this way died in the process.
Several of them, in fact.
I didn’t actually see the bodies, but I heard the pontiff mention it in his
speech to the Word of God army after they appeared in the wasteland.
“Give thanks for the sacrifice of the brave men who gave their lives to
create a gate to this place for the holy war!”
Large-Scale Teleport is so tough that even I have trouble with it.
If you tried to do it with a human body, I can see how that would mean
literally putting your life on the line.
This method sacrificed the lives of several valuable Spatial Magic mages.
That’s how determined the pontiff was to bring his forces here.
To be honest, I’m not sure how much help they’re going to be. They
might have big numbers, but they’re still human.

To the Demon Lord or me, they just look like an army of weaklings.
But they seem determined to join the fight.
I can sense that they’re willing to lay down their lives with a fervor that
borders on madness.
I don’t know what the pontiff told them before we got here, but they seem
perfectly willing to team up with us, and it looks like they understand what
kind of enemy we’re facing.
They even seem to realize that most of them won’t be coming back alive.
And yet, none of them seems to be afraid, and their morale only keeps
getting higher. I guess they’ve been trained well.
That’s what’s so scary about religion.
There’s nothing stronger than that kind of faith.
“It appears I am the last to arrive.”
Finally, Potimas shows up with his mechanical army.
There aren’t that many, probably only about two thousand soldiers.
But instead of humans, these are machine soldiers.
They’re over fifteen feet tall, clad in tough-looking armor and wielding
several weapons each.
The machines are sorta freaky to look at, too: It’s like if you shoved a
humanoid upper body onto a multi-legged lower body.
But as freaky as it is, they look efficient, too.
The upper body seems like it was designed to wield weapons as
effectively as possible and only happened to come out resembling a human.
It’s sorta like the product of a design focused purely on making a
functional, elegant weapon, not a cool-looking robot like you’d see in a
mecha anime.
Not exactly romantic but definitely promising as a fighting force.
I just hope I’m never up against these things instead of with them.
“Looks like we’re all ready,” the Demon Lord remarks.
Yeah, unfortunately.
Güli-güli didn’t make it back in time after all.
If only he’d gotten here sooner, I wouldn’t have to deal with this stupid
UFO.
“So White here, I guess Potimas, and I are gonna assault that thing,
okay?”
“Right.”

It’s not really okay with me, but I can’t run away at this point—and even
if I did, it might mean the end of the world.
So I just nod, albeit very reluctantly.
“So? How do we get inside?”
“We’ll use this to make a hole in the outer wall.”
Potimas indicates some kind of massive tube thing.
Hmm? Is that like a giant bazooka or something?
“It’s a single-use gun, but it’s extremely powerful. It should be able to
make a hole in the G-Fleet’s exterior without a problem.”
Hey, I was right. It’s a bazooka.
Still, the term “infiltration” had me picturing us entering through some
secret air vent or something, not just busting our way through.
I guess it’s more like breaking and entering, huh?
“So? Who’s going to bring it?”
“I’ll have you or that ‘White’ creature carry it. This body can probably lift
it, but it isn’t quite powerful enough to take aim properly.”
“All right. Here you go, White.”
What? Why?
Looks like I’m the one stuck carrying this bazooka.
Why do I have to take such an important role, huh?
I glower at the Demon Lord in protest.
“You can use Spatial Magic to put it away and take it out whenever you
want. Besides, you’ve got a better physique for it than I do anyway.”
Dammit. She’s right.
I can put it away in Spatial Storage until I need to fire it, and the Demon
Lord’s childlike body is hardly suited to operating a bazooka.
And Potimas says he can’t do it, although I don’t know if that’s true or
not, so that leaves only me by process of elimination.
But I reeeally don’t wanna be given such an important task.
If I miss or something, we won’t be able to get inside anymore, right? He
said this was one use only.
I can’t afford to mess up.
Rationally, I know it’d probably be harder to miss that giant thing than to
hit it, but that doesn’t stop me from being nervous.
Should I get as close as I can and shoot it from point-blank range?
That would involve flying, then.

Of course, since I have Dimensional Maneuvering, that’s not a problem
for me.
Dimensional Maneuvering uses magic power to create footholds in empty
space, allowing me to run through the air or whatever like I’m on the ground.
That means I can move through the air without a problem.
But isn’t that UFO gonna have the mysterious barrier?
If it activates that barrier while I’m using Dimensional Maneuvering, it’ll
cancel out the skill and I’ll fall.
I don’t like that one bit.
Since the tank used that barrier, there’s no guarantee the UFO won’t use
it.
I have to come up with a way to fly without using skills.
Just then, I make eye contact with a certain someone who’s been listening
with a meek yet relaxed attitude, as if none of this has anything to do with it.
Aha. That’ll do.
I beckon to the wind dragon.
Making a “?” face, the wind dragon putters over.
I quickly move around to its side, jumping onto its back.
“What the—?!”
Great. The size is perfect.
My upper body is the same size as a normal human, but my lower body
takes the shape of a gigantic spider. Luckily, the wind dragon is just big
enough to fly with me on its back.
Without further ado, I wrap my spider legs around the wind dragon’s
body.
There, that feels nice and secure.
This is perfect!
“The hell are you doing?!”
“Ooh, I get it. Good idea.”
“Agreed. Perhaps Ariel and I should ride some dragons, as well.”
“You said it.”
While the wind dragon throws a fit, the Demon Lord and Potimas figure
out my logic and actually agree with me.
“You heard him, wind dragon. You guys are gonna transport us up there.”
“‘You heard him,’ my ass!”
The wind dragon keeps complaining and trying to throw me off, but it’s

already been decided.
“Shall I take charge of matters on the ground, then?”
It’s already starting to get chaotic down here, so the pontiff offers to rein
things in.
“Might as well, right? Although I do kinda feel like our forces should just
do our own thing.”
“I concur. Their methods and abilities are simply too different.”
Oh, I guess they have a point.
It’d probably be harder to control this mixed-up army than to just let them
run wild.
In fact, these guys would normally be fighting one another, so it’s a
miracle that they’re even on the same side in the first place.
And now you want to say, All right, let’s all work together and win this
thing? Forget it.
“I’ll tell the queens and the puppets to listen to your orders, but don’t get
your hopes up too much.”
“Seconded. I shall grant you the authority to give orders, but my soldiers
will be the ones to decide whether to listen.”
Huh?
Does that mean there are people inside those machines?
It doesn’t look like there’s enough space in there, so I just assumed they
were preprogrammed on autopilot.
…Maybe it’s best not to delve too deep into this.
I’m afraid I’ll learn something I’m better off not knowing.
“Very well. I only intend to provide minor adjustments. No doubt it is
better to let each force act at their own discretion.”
I guess the pontiff wasn’t looking to take direct control of this crazy army
anyway.
Maybe he suggested this only to get their consent in case of an
emergency?
If you don’t establish the chain of command early on, it can lead to
disputes down the line, after all.
“The G-Fleet is slowly making its way toward us. It has deployed a force
of approximately a hundred thousand on the ground.”
Silence follows that number.
A hundred thousand.

Our forces number about forty thousand in total.
And thirty thousand of those are humans, who are weaker than the robots
that make up most of the opposing army.
The queens, the puppet spiders, the dragons, and most likely the machine
soldiers are all considerably stronger than the robots, but this will probably
still be a difficult battle.
“Well, our main goal is getting rid of this bomb anyway. As long as we
can do that, we’ve basically won, even if we can’t wipe out their forces. Then
we’ll just let Gülie take care of the rest.”
The Demon Lord’s unconcerned comment lightens the mood a little.
She’s right.
If we take care of the bomb that could very well destroy the world, the
rest of the problems are a whole lot less urgent.
Then we only have to wait for Güli-güli to get back and finish the job for
us.
“Dustin.” The Demon Lord turns to give orders to the pontiff. “Please
focus on slowing the enemy down and buying as much time as possible on
the ground. Try to avoid any unnecessary sacrifices, okay?”
“Understood. I shall handle matters as carefully as I can.”
“Wind dragon. We’re gonna have you carry White, but have the rest of
the dragons fight in the skies. It might be the toughest job, but don’t let them
steal control of the air. Otherwise, we’re all doomed. Prepare to risk
everything if you have to.”
“Huh? Why do we gotta work twice as hard as the goons on the ground,
eh, spider lady?”
“There’s no way around it. If you don’t give it your all, we have no hope
of winning.”
“Argh! What the hell?! Fine, we’ll do it!”
The wind dragon complains some more, but it seems to understand her
reasoning.
The dragons are our only ally who can move freely through the air, so
they’re very important.
They’re the only ones who can put up a fight against the UFO’s fighter
aircraft.
Giving the enemy air superiority would have a devastating effect on the
fight on the ground, so we really need the dragons to put their backs into this.

“And Potimas… Don’t betray us, got it?”
“Hmph.”
It’s hard to tell whether the Demon Lord is joking, but Potimas only
responds with a snort.
Uh, are we sure this is gonna be okay?
He won’t betray us, right? Right?!
At any rate, this means our anti-UFO strategy has been decided.
The Demon Lord, Potimas, and I are going to infiltrate the UFO.
The dragons, led by the wind dragon, will carry us to the UFO, then fight
in the air to keep our escape route open.
There are about eight thousand of them. Most of them are wyrms, though,
with only twenty-four dragons.
Normally, twenty-four dragons would be a huge number, but in this
situation, it doesn’t feel like nearly enough.
Our ground forces include the pontiff’s Word of God army of thirty
thousand, Potimas’s two thousand machine soldiers, four queen taratects, and
the four puppet spiders.
The UFO’s army, on the other hand, has about a hundred thousand robots.
A thousand tanks.
I see about five thousand fighters in the sky.
And then, there’s the supreme commander, the UFO itself.
There might even be more forces inside the UFO, so their total could be
even larger.
Our forces are made up of some of the strongest troops in this world.
But even then, we don’t know for sure if we’ll win.
The fate of the world hangs in the balance.
If we lose, everything might be destroyed, so we have no choice but to
win.
The curtain has violently opened on a battle against relics of the past.