 RESTRAINT
“Hrmph. So you survived, eh?”
When I reach the UFO, I receive this brazen greeting from Potimas.
We’re currently entering the UFO through the hole where the main gun
used to be.
Amid the whirling dust and debris, Potimas looks completely calm.
“Hey, what’s the big idea, punk? If you was behind that kablooey, you
ain’t gettin’ off scot-free!”
Hyuvan glares at Potimas menacingly, but the elf is defiant.
“Do you really need me to explain it to you?”
Potimas’s attitude only makes Hyuvan’s rage even more intense.
It could’ve easily gotten caught up in the explosion of the bazooka if I
hadn’t jumped away, so I can understand why it’s so angry.
The dragon that carried Potimas here joins Hyuvan in directing powerful
anger toward Potimas.
And of course, I’m plenty pissed off myself.
Yet, despite the furious gazes focused on him, Potimas’s lax attitude
doesn’t change.
“So what yer sayin’ is, you went and did that on purpose. That right?”
Hyuvan’s Telepathy carries the weight of a final warning.
Potimas snorts. “And what if I did?”
Clearly, he’s not about to apologize.
The only response he gets is an attack.
Hyuvan’s claws rake through the air where Potimas was standing just
seconds ago.
However, the dragon’s roar of frustration tells me that didn’t go the way it
hoped.

“Oh dear. That was close.”
Potimas is now standing a short distance away from Hyuvan.
He dodged the attack of a dragon specialized in speed.
And judging by the way he’s brushing the dust off his clothes, it didn’t
take a lot of effort.
…This guy’s totally a narcissist.
Every damn move he makes comes off as smug somehow.
“Tch. Lucky break. I won’t miss next time.”
Hyuvan gets ready to attack again, but Potimas holds up a hand to stop it.
“Are you sure about that? If you were to dispose of me now, it would
make dealing with the GMA bomb far more difficult.”
“But not impossible, pal.”
“However, no one but I will be able to do it quickly. Who’s to say that the
bomb won’t be dropped while someone else is trying to figure it out? Or that
they won’t accidentally set it off in the process? Is it really in your best
interest to harm the only person guaranteed not to run such risks?”
Hyuvan growls unhappily.
Potimas is basically using himself as a hostage. And unfortunately, it’s
working.
The Demon Lord does have the plans for the UFO and the bomb, so it
wouldn’t be impossible to disable the bomb with those as a guide.
But I have to admit that none of us will be able to do it as quickly as the
man who developed these weapons in the first place.
If we want to be absolutely sure this will go smoothly, this guy is our best
bet.
Even if he’s not the safest or most optimal choice.
“What is your role, you so-called dragons? You exist to keep this world
running smoothly, do you not? Think about it, then. Is destroying me right
now in a fit of anger really what’s best for this world or not?”
Potimas spreads his hands melodramatically.
As soon as it hears the words “so-called dragons,” Hyuvan reluctantly
backs down.
Hyuvan’s grunt-like attitude makes it seem stupid, and I’m pretty sure it
is, but it does understand its place.
If it puts its emotions aside, it can easily conclude that it wouldn’t make
sense to kill Potimas now.

Although I’m not sure if letting him live is necessarily a wise move,
either…
But considering its role and responsibilities, Hyuvan can’t kill Potimas.
And Potimas knows that, which is why he’s being a huge asshole about it.
“How will your precious boss feel if you doom the world to destruction
simply because you threw a tantrum over being nearly killed?”
Since Hyuvan can’t respond, Potimas just keeps fanning the flames.
“It’s not myself I’m mad about, pal. But you owe the white one an
apology, if you ask me.”
Oh my gosh. Hyuvan’s not mad on its own behalf; it’s mad because I
almost died?
This is one hunky dragon! Pretty cool for a lowly grunt.
If I were a dragon myself, I’d probably fall for it.
I’m not, though, so we’re safe.
“Ridiculous. We have been enemies from the start. What is wrong with
attempting to get a leg up on your enemies?”
“You trash! Stickin’ to your guns, huh?!”
Hyuvan bares its fangs at the unapologetic elf.
However, because of its position, Hyuvan can’t lay a hand on him.
That’s got nothing to do with me, though.
And if the man himself says there’s nothing wrong with trying to get a leg
up on your enemy, that goes for me, too, right?
“Hnnngh?!”
Since Potimas is totally focused on Hyuvan, I swing my giant scythe at
him.
My body’s already been restored to full power thanks to my Miracle
Magic.
On top of that, the UFO’s mystery barrier seems to affect only its exterior,
not the interior.
In other words, I can use my skills in here no problem.
I should be able to fight to my full capabilities.
Which means I can catch Potimas off guard with a surprise attack and
finish him before he has a chance to activate that barrier!
Potimas barely dodges the first attack.
But after that, he has no chance to dodge the second swing.
Gotcha!

But my confidence turns out to be in vain.
My scythe freezes in the air mid-swing.
The scythe and my body have been stopped by thread so thin, it’s nearly
invisible.
There’s only one person who can pull that off.
“White, I get how you feel and all, but could you hold off for now?”
The Demon Lord is walking up behind me.
It’s not a surprise, though. Thanks to Detection, I already knew the
Demon Lord was inside the UFO.
But I wanted to see what she was going to do, so I’d been ignoring her.
Looks like she’s planning on keeping Potimas alive until this whole affair
is dealt with.
Hmm. If that’s what she wants, I guess I’ll go along with it for now.
I use Short-Range Teleport to free myself from the thread.
That might seem like an excessive use of Teleport, but honestly, that’s the
only way I can escape from the Demon Lord’s thread.
For a moment after I free myself, the Demon Lord looks panicked, but she
calms down when she sees I’m not going to do anything else.
“Honestly. You ought to at least discipline your spawn properly.”
Potimas grumbles as he brushes some dusts his clothes.
That attitude pisses me off. If the Demon Lord hadn’t stopped me, I
would’ve had his head.
But then the cocky elf suddenly sinks to the floor.
That’s not a metaphor or a joke. Literally, his body just sinks to the floor.
“You’re the one who needs to be disciplined, don’t you think?”
The culprit who sank Potimas to the floor, the Demon Lord herself, stands
on his back.
In the blink of an eye, she used a move sort of like a judo throw to smash
him onto the floor, then pinned him down so hard that he actually made an
indent in the floor.
What an incredible, almost pointlessly polished move.
It might be even more impressive that Potimas didn’t take any damage,
despite being slammed to the ground.
However, that’s only physical damage we’re talking about.
Considering how enormous his ego seems to be, I’m sure being put in
such a position must be humiliating to him.

“If you try to pull any more funny business, I’m going to kill you on the
spot. Got it?”
“Hmph. If you think you can get by without me, go right ahead.”
“So that means you are planning on more funny business?”
“If you let your guard down, certainly.”
This guy just casually stated that he plans to betray us if he gets the
chance.
No, I guess counting him as an ally was a mistake in the first place.
Are we sure we shouldn’t just kill him right now?
“Oh yeah? Go ahead and try it, then.”
The Demon Lord’s voice is low and threatening.
She must have put more weight on her foot, too; the floor starts cracking
underneath him.
But Potimas’s expression is as cool as ever, as if he doesn’t even feel
pain.
Well, I guess a cyborg body doesn’t need a sense of pain, so it makes
sense that he wouldn’t include such a feature, but I would’ve liked to see him
struggle and suffer.
I guess seeing him crushed to the ground like this does help a little, but
not enough to satisfy me, y’know?
There’s definitely still a lot of anger pent up in my chest.
My body’s fixed now, but my clothes got destroyed, for one thing.
I’m wearing a spare outfit, but the one I had on before was one of my
favorites, I’ll have you know!
“Hey, White. You wanna step on him, too?”
You better believe I do!
Leave it to the Demon Lord. She really gets me!
The Demon Lord removes her foot from Potimas’s back, so I stomp on
him instead.
He tries to get away, of course, but that’s not gonna happen!
I pin down his back with one leg, then step on his head with the other.
Can’t forget to grind my foot into his face, too, of course.
“Rrrgh!”
Potimas emits a groan, possibly from humiliation.
He’s trying to squirm out from under me, but my feet have him pinned
firmly to the ground.

It’s convenient having so many legs at times like these.
The only problem is that my feet actually end in pretty sharp claws, so I
have to be careful not to stab right into him.
Wait. Is it really a problem if I do stab him?
“Oh whoopsie, I jabbed you a little by mistake, sorry~” I can totally get
away with that right now!
Let’s get down to it, then!
Just then, my eyes suddenly fall on Potimas’s lower half.
And a divine revelation descends on me!
Hang on, though. This might be too evil even for me!
But now that I’ve had the idea, I can’t help it!
I’ve just gotta do it!
My third leg stabs right into you-know-what!
“Wha—?! Why, you!”
“Pffft!”
Potimas lets out a particularly dramatic reaction to that, causing the
Demon Lord to snicker.
I did it. Oh, I did it, all right!
Aaaah!
What did I do, you ask? I stabbed his butt, that’s what.
Since he’s a cyborg, Potimas didn’t have a butthole, so I figured why not
make one for him?
So I did! You’re welcome.
Potimas quakes uncontrollably with indignation, while the Demon Lord
bursts out laughing.
Hyuvan and the rest of the dragons, on the other hand, look pretty freaked
out.
“Yikes. This chick’s crazy.”
“Big bro, are we gonna have to start calling this lady Ms. White from now
on or what?”
“We can’t ever get on her bad side, that’s for sure. She’s a demon, a
white demon!”
Hyuvan, the dragon that was carrying Potimas, and the one that was
carrying the Demon Lord all make their own comments.
They’re using Telepathy for a private exchange that only they’re supposed
to be able to hear, but that stuff doesn’t escape my Detection, you know!

Come on—even I don’t do stuff like this normally.
“Bwa-ha-ha! Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha! Whew… Aaah-ha-ha-ha-ha!”
The Demon Lord is smacking the floor and wheezing with laughter.
At this rate, she might actually bust right through the floor.
Well, I’m pretty satisfied that I got my sweet revenge, so I’ll take my feet
off him now.
When I pull up the one that was jabbed into his butt, Potimas’s body
twitches, making my victory all the sweeter. It causes the Demon Lord to
burst out laughing all over again, but it’s worth it.
As soon as I remove my feet, Potimas scrambles away like a bat out of
hell.
“It has been many an age since… No, this may even be the first time that I
have been treated so disgracefully.”
Potimas’s normally composed expression is contorted with rage.
“I shall kill you. This I swear. And in the most gruesome manner I can
imagine at that.”
Aw, shucks. A vow of violence for little old me?
Thanks, ol’ chap.
“Unfortunately, now is not that time. As I said before, I shall gladly make
an attempt on your lives if given the chance, but right now, resolving this
situation takes precedence.”
Potimas closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, calming himself.
“Until said situation is resolved, I shall let this incident slide. Consider
yourself fortunate.”
Potimas’s dramatic statement makes the Demon Lord start snickering
again.
I can’t blame her. Lines like that are pretty in character for this guy, but in
this particular situation, it’s just hilarious.
Like, he’s clearly trying to hang on to his last shred of dignity.
That only makes it even funnier, especially to the Demon Lord,
apparently.
“And you. How long do you intend to roll around laughing like an
imbecile? Consider our situation.”
He’s not wrong, but since he’s saying that with such a sour look on his
face, it clearly just sounds like he’s taking out his anger on the Demon Lord.
Amazing! Potimas’s credibility as a big shot is going down by the second!

At this rate, his stock’s gonna plummet so fast that they’ll have to stop
selling shares!
“Ahhh…ha-ha…whew. Heh. That was hilarious all right.”
The Demon Lord wheezes as she tries to recover.
She’s definitely still smirking, to the point where it looks like she might
bust a gut again at any second, but somehow she manages to pull herself
together.
“Ha… Okay, where were we? If we let our guards down, you’ll kill us or
whatever? I guess we’ll just have to rip you another new butthole whenever
that happens. Pffft!”
The Demon Lord starts laughing all over again at her own joke.
“Enough already.”
I guess I can’t blame Potimas for losing his patience.
We’re not getting anywhere at this rate.
Although I’m the one who caused it in the first place (and I can’t say I
regret it).
But considering the current situation and all, we should probably move on
already.
“All right, all right. Let’s get down to business.”
The Demon Lord suppresses her smile, nodding seriously.
I can still see the corners of her lips twitching, but I’ll let it slide.
“We’ll just call it even for now, okay? We’re not gonna be able to work
together as a team, but we can at least pool our resources here. You’ve got
the know-how to deal with these machines, and we’ve got our serious
firepower. So we’ll just use each other. Instead of trying to play nice, we’ll
just assume we’re going to stab each other in the back. Any objections?”
“None.”
None? Really?!
Are we seriously okay with this?
The fate of the world is at stake—you know that, right?
But I guess it’s not like we can just start trusting Potimas now.
Huh? Wait a sec.
Depending on how you look at it, isn’t this kind of a three-way battle?
The Demon Lord and I are basically in a cold war right now.
And Potimas is obviously an enemy to both of us.
Since he called me “the Demon Lord’s spawn” earlier, he must not realize

that the Demon Lord and I are actually enemies with a shaky truce.
Depending on how this goes, couldn’t I use Potimas to get rid of the
Demon Lord once and for all?
But that also means that if I’m not careful, she could do the same thing to
me.
And Potimas’s aggro is totally concentrated on me right now…
Oh geez.
I guess I have to be even more careful than I thought.
Oh, I know! I can have Hyuvan run interference for me.
“Dragons, you guys can go back and make sure we keep control of the
skies, ’kay? You don’t need to do anything crazy, just help our troops on the
ground keep the advantage.”
“You got it, boss. You gonna be okay, though?”
“Yeah, we’re fine.”
We are certainly not fine!
“If you say so. Be careful in there!”
With that, Hyuvan and the other dragons take off into the skies.
Now it’s just the Demon Lord, Potimas, and me.
Not exactly my ideal situation.
“Okay, let’s get moving. Looks like there’s a welcome party waiting for
us first, though.”
The Demon Lord scowls into the UFO.
A small army of robots is approaching from within.
Looks like they kept plenty of troops on board to deal with any intruders.