AFTERWORD
Hello, I’m Okina Baba.
In the blink of an eye, this series has already reached Volume 7.
Lucky number seven!
And seven brings to mind everyone’s beloved catfish.
You might not remember, since it was way back in Volume 2, but the
catfish monsters’ official name was the Elroe guneseven.
They might not ever make a reappearance in the novels, but they’re a
major player in the manga Volume 3, so make sure you check it out!
Anyway, now that I’ve managed to work in a manga plug, let’s talk about
Volume 7.
Since Volume 6 had way less action than any of the volumes before it,
this volume makes up for it by being almost entirely action.
Really, I don’t think I’ve ever written a volume that was full of so many
battles from start to finish.
Not to mention, the opponent was unlike anything we’ve seen before.
And on top of that, even though they spent the whole volume fighting,
less time passed than almost any other volume.
It’s like, a certain amount of time passes between Volume 1 and Volume
6, but this one focuses on a single incident, so it’s basically all within the
span of one day.
Just like an episode of 24.
As for other changes, the notes about the reincarnations in the table of
contents have changed from Shun’s list to Ms. Oka’s.
It contains different information from Shun’s list, too.
So did you notice anything?
The location of Mirei Shinohara’s name is different in this list from the
old one!
Both lists are in Japanese alphabetical (A-I-U-E-O) order, yet Shinohara’s

in two different places.
To tell you the truth, that may or may not have been a mistake on my part.
See, originally, her name was going to be read “Mirei Urushibara.”
But when I was adding the name meanings, I changed it to Mirei
Shinohara and then didn’t notice.
It slipped through proofreading, so it wound up that her name just changes
somewhere along the way.
Thus, because of a fairly minor mistake, her name changed from
Urushibara to Shinohara.
Still, I think Mirei Shinohara sounds better than Mirei Urushibara
anyway, so I decided to just keep it that way instead of correcting it.
Which is why Shun’s list still contains that mistake.
In the web version, she’s like a barely mentioned nameless background
character anyway, but in the novel version, she’s become a regular part of the
S story, so I’m sure you can forgive me.
What? You can’t?
Come on—give me a break here.
Anyway, it’s the masterful Kiryu’s amazing illustrations that let me get
away with stupid mistakes like that.
I cruelly requested covers without any human characters for the first three
volumes, and even now none of them is actually a human, but Kiryu’s art
makes it all work!
So I’ve been recklessly putting faith in that, and even in this volume, I
keep making impossible requests like the devil I am.
Just look at how many machines are in this volume’s illustrations!
Look upon this cruel author who asked Kiryu, an expert on drawing
monsters, to draw a bunch of mecha instead!
Really, Kiryu, thank you so much.
Speaking of which, let me say my thanks here.
Starting with Kiryu, of course, for drawing those mecha I so heartlessly
requested. Thank you again.
Thank you to Kakashi, who draws the sometimes serious, sometimes
hilarious, always amazing manga adaptation.
Volume 3 of the manga even includes a bonus manga about the
aforementioned Mirei Shinohara, so be sure to take a look.
Thank you to my editor Mr. K and everyone else who helped bring this

book into the world.
And to everyone out there who picked up this volume.
Thank you very much.