 THE ETERNAL CHILD’S
SOLILOQUY
My monitor displays the girl in white.
For some reason, the head that belonged to the body destroyed in that
incident is still intact, being carried around by Ariel. My consciousness has
already left it, but it can still record video perfectly well.
I’ve been using it to monitor their movements, and now it appears the
white one has awoken.
Not only that, but she’s become a god.
How very vexing.
I have strived to become a god myself for so long and have yet to attain
that status, yet this girl comes from nowhere and achieves it just like that?
I should have made sure I killed her back there, no matter the cost.
“L-Lord Potimas?”
One of the expendables calls my name in a quavering voice.
“What is it?”
“I—I thought you might wish to place the blame for this operation’s
failure on Auries.”
Failure?
Ah, this expendable is assuming I’m in a bad mood because the operation
failed.
And he is contriving to place the blame on another expendable to protect
himself.
How pathetic.
His premise is wrong from the very beginning.
“This operation was not a failure.”
“Pardon?”

Honestly. Do I really need to explain every little thing for these people to
understand?
“The goal of this operation was to silence the G-Fleet and deactivate the
GMA bomb. We succeeded on both these points. Therefore, the operation
was a success, not a failure.”
The bare-minimum goals that absolutely needed to be accomplished were
met.
I simply wasn’t able to accomplish my secondary goals, but the operation
itself was still a success.
It’s not the ideal situation, but it’s still a positive outcome.
Yes, the Gloria type-Bs I sent were all destroyed and my body was
severely damaged.
Almost all my forces were destroyed, and I have nothing to show for it.
I can understand why an expendable would deem this a failure.
However, I have no shortage of Gloria Bs.
Since my body was equipped with an anti-magic barrier, I’ve incurred a
considerable cost, but I can simply make another.
A trivial expenditure, all in all.
Indeed, that was only a small fraction of the military strength I have in
reserve.
If I wished to do so, I could easily bring down a G-Fleet with my forces
alone.
A relic of a bygone era poses no threat to me.
Even if the GMA bomb did explode, we elves would not be injured in the
slightest.
If anything, it might be more convenient for us if that was to occur.
Which is why I sent only a small force.
I thought I had calculated just enough to pull off a narrow victory, but
considering that none of Ariel’s kin was harmed, perhaps I should have sent a
trifle less.
Still, at least I was able to put a severe dent in Dustin’s forces.
However, I simply must kill that white creature.
In the most gruesome way I can imagine, just as I promised.
“There is no need for anyone to take the blame. Instead, please prepare the
troops.”
“Yes, sir!”

“Chase Ariel down. And kill her.”
“Of course, sir!”
Then an excellent idea strikes me.
I call out to the expendable who is scurrying off to carry out my orders.
“Ah, one more thing. Bring Oka with you.”
“What? Lady Oka?”
“Yes.”
Oka.
The reincarnation who was born as my daughter.
The foolish girl who was the reincarnations’ teacher in their previous
world.
“I shall speak to her about it later. Make arrangements for enough forces
to protect her.”
“Y-yes, sir!”
I watch as the expendable scurries away.
Now, how will I talk Oka into this?
Having the reincarnations kill one another…
Now that would be delightful.
I do not know how close White was with Oka, but it would surely cause
them both distress.
“Hmm. It would be a shame not to witness this in person.”
Perhaps I should go along in case of any extenuating circumstances.
A smile rises unbidden to my lips.
I feel my mood improving for the first time in quite a long while.
Just imagining White suffering in anguish is enough to relieve my
frustration.
“Just you wait. I shall stage the greatest death imaginable for you.”