 THE VAMPIRE MISTRESS AND
HER SERVANT DISCUSS POTIMAS
“The more MA energy you use, the shorter the planet’s life span gets. People
didn’t know that back then, so they mistook it for an unknown source of
limitless energy and used it to their little hearts’ content. That’s what put
their civilization on the path to destruction.”
“Such grave foolishness. They must not have held a speck of the wisdom
you described, young miss.”
“I told you, we can’t blame them. A certain bastard deliberately set them
up, remember?”
“Young miss, you must not use such crass language. Even if he is a
bastard.”
“What else am I supposed to call him?”
“You have a point, but still…”
“That bastard killed my parents and tried to kill both of us, too.”
“Yes, that’s true.”
“And Ariel told us that he’s always been a bastard, even in ancient times
when that civilization still existed. If that’s not a bona fide bastard, then what
is?”
“I understand your feelings, but I do not think it befits a lady to say
‘bastard’ so many times.”
“Oh? Me, a lady? Goodness…”
(The young miss is embarrassed.)
“…Do you think they’re all right up there?”
“We need not worry about Lady Ariel and Lady White, I am sure.
Although I am a bit concerned for Miss Ael and company.”

“But they’re with Potimas, remember? I wouldn’t be surprised if that
bastard tries to stab them in the back.”
“That certainly is possible. However, I am sure that Lady Ariel and Lady
White will be prepared for such an eventuality.”
“Right. You’re right, of course.”
“Besides, even that man would surely not attempt such foolishness when
the world is at stake, no?”
“Yeah right. Potimas is a bona fide bastard, remember? Whether the
world’s in danger or not, he’d gladly betray someone if given the chance.”
“My apologies. I confess I thought the same thing, but I did not wish to
say so.”
“Right? This is the same guy who discovered MA energy and convinced
humans to use it even though he knew that could destroy everything. Why
would he care if the world’s in danger or not?”
“Indeed. I suppose there is no reason he would be concerned for the fate
of the world now when he is the very same man who endangered it in the
past.”
“Not to mention, isn’t he the one who developed that UFO in the first
place? How many times does he have to put the world in danger of
destruction before he’s satisfied?”
“I suspect he will continue to do so until he dies.”
“What a scary thought. But the scariest thing is that you’re probably
right.”